I would like to get a better paying job in a rewarding career field but I can't help but be dissuaded from going to college because all I read about it is people not being able to find a job in their career field and or having a massive amount of student loan debt.
Unmotivated college students would be better off not going to college, and should pursue alternate forms of education. CMV.
If Bernie Sanders or another presidential candidate make college tuition free, it will continue driving up the cost of education resulting in much higher taxes and rich university owners.
I believe fast-tracking college degrees through online courses and reduced general education requirements would help sustain public universities.
I believe that the university model of education is outdated and inferior to a thourogh and practical college program.
It's pragmatic and not "heartless" to break up with someone due to their significant student loan debt.
The solution to (future) student debt is not to make the colleges free, but to make them more efficient.
I think certain college students who complain about society and its practice of consuming goods through debt that they are incapable of paying for are hypocrites.
I think that easy access to federal student loans helped cause the decline of the middle class, and that free college for all will make it worse.
If you graduate from a 4-year university with more than $100,000 of student debt, you have no right to complain about that debt.
American higher education debt must be solved by allowing student debt to be written off by bankruptcy
The best, least intrusive way to cut the cost of college would be to get rid of general education requirements.
I think that people in college get more out of other things than an actual "Education".
If nothing is done about illegal immigration, America in 15 years will be test worse in most academic indicators(College graduation, literacy rate, level of education, testing in certain subjects etc.) compared to today.
Government-funded higher education (i.e. "Free College") would be ineffective from any angle
Free Government-Provided Job Training is a Better Solution than Free College Education
We should develop a free, comprehensive, national MOOC for high school and low-level college education and do away with teachers for these courses.
We should limit the amount of accredited college degrees awarded per year (particularly those that are Business-oriented) to fight the higher education bubble/increase economic growth, and prosecute those who violate this.
The notion of going to college for the sake of "getting an education" is harmful and obsolete.
The most important thing about a college education is the name of the school you attend.
I think a reasonable way to rein in college costs is for the Federal government to apply Medicare like reimbursement and standard terms to schools regarding what it will pay for a person’s education.
America can't afford universal healthcare or free college education.
Free college will result in less receiving a college education, not more.
The U.S. should create an online college to combat current higher education costs
I believe the US government should substantially subsidize a college education
I don't think being a Librarian should be a college education level job, or that library science should be a degree. CMV.
I believe people should be able to chose an area of focus in their education earlier than college. CMV.
I think that it is perfectly acceptable for parents to refuse to fund their child's college education if the child's intended major (or grades) will not lead to employment. CMV.
I believe that, on average, a college education is a worthwhile investment. CMV!
Putting deaf and hard of hearing students through the main-stream education system does more harm than good.
Stratifying Secondary Education into Honors/Advanced Placement, et cetera, is Highly Damaging to Student Morale and Achievement.
I believe that the A-Level education reforms being implemented in the UK are bad for students -
I Believe the Grading System we use in schools today (A, B, C, D, and Fail) is complacent on behalf of the teaching community. Allowing a student to proceed to higher material without having earned an “A” is counterproductive to the mission of education.
I believe that the US education system would be more effective if students were allowed to progress through the "grades" as soon as they demonstrated mastery of the course material, instead of the current system in which curricula are forced into year-long chunks.
I am a student opposed to all tuition fees for higher education.
I think that American students should receive comprehensive sex education.
Meal prepping is the most efficient way for College students.
Safe spaces are unhealthy because college students need to stop hiding from views that upset them.
All first generation students should be accepted to college, no matter what.
Having free tuition for all college students is a bad idea.
Trigger warnings in college courses have little importance because the core curriculum is so diluted by students' ability to choose their own courses.
I think a lot of inner city high schools students don’t get into larger colleges/universities because their high schools only encourage them to apply to the local community colleges.
Retina MacBook Pros are the best computers for college students.
Laura Kipnis is wrong to defend romantic relationships between college professors and students.
I am a 25yo college student who feels completely disconnected from the rest of the students and the college feel in general.
I believe that college athletes should be held to the same admissions criteria as all other students.
I believe that students should not have to pay for tuition while they are in college.
Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States is a terrible history book and should not be standard reading for High School or College students.
I believe that standardized tests such as the ACT/SAT are ineffective at measuring ability, and should be disallowed for college use on accepting/denying students.
Lecture is an inferior way to teach math to problem-based learning, and high school math teachers and college math professors with reasonably-small classes shouldn't lecture at their students.
Smoking bans on college campus are NOT an intrusion upon students' rights.
I believe that college students should only be required to study courses relative to their major.
I believe college students should be financially reimbursed for classes canceled by their professor. CMV.
To cut college costs, students should be given the option to teach themselves.
I believe there is more to some crop circles than can be explained by bored college students.
A 19 year old college student may lose limbs after being left on porch for hours in the freezing cold 'following a night drinking.' I don't feel bad for her. CMV.
I Think the U.S. Needs a Radical Makeover of Student Aid Which Would Likely Close Some Colleges, and Force Others to Shrink.
I believe college student athletes should get paid.
I think that the traditional "point-value" grading system stifles college students, particularly in writing classes.
I think neuroenhancers (ie adderall) that are typically abused (mostly by college students) should be allowed.
College and university presidents should be elected into office by students and faculty.
General Education Requirements at Universities, given sufficient resources and a workable student population, should include a Humanities Core such as a Great Books Program.
The CS1950 movement demands the University of Missouri implement a mandatory racial awareness & inclusion curriculum, to be overseen by a board of "students, staff, and faculty of color." My view is that they're demanding institutional racism (against white people), which is hypocritical.
I believe that universities should have an affirmative action program dedicated to increasing the number of students and faculty who hold conservative political views
The two students leaders of SAE should NOT have been expelled from University of Oklahoma for their racist speech
I believe that universities should have an affirmative action program dedicated to increasing the number of students and faculty who hold conservative political views
I believe that American universities have an immense amount of liberal bias and that it hurts students free speech.
Colleges and universities should require only courses relevant to a student's degree.
As an international student, the US is becoming too dangerous for me to consider it as a viable option for university
I think that students at top universities are generally superior to students at lower-ranked universities. CMV.
1 I think that students that who have mental handicaps, they can't pass the SAT/ACT without considerable aid, should not be admitted to University.
My student loans are going to be so big by the time Im done university that the cost of buying a guitar now wont matter
Philosophy should be taught at an appropriate age and continued throughout the education system. In university, the English requirement should be interchangeable (or changed to) a philosophy requirement.
In a democratic country with "free" public university, people without at least some higher education should not be allowed to vote.
Before politicians in the US try to push for free public university, they should fix primary and secondary education
Unpaid internships are no more exploitative than the university education system
I believe that General Education requirements at universities are unnecessary.
Unpaid internships are no more exploitative than the university education system
Recent protests at University of Missouri, Yale etc. are the product of hypersensitivity, and from college aged kids growing up in a 'everybody gets a medal' culture.
There is no point in going to a 4 year university instead of transferring from a counity college.
I believe that colleges and universities should only offer degrees in classic fields, and that everything else should be taught through on-the-job training.
I think people have the wrong idea of the benefits of going to a research university or a liberal arts college are. CMV.
I am of the view that if I go to college instead of University I will not be very successful in life.
I have a hard time feeling bad for many of the people with very high levels of student debt due to poor decisions.
I have zero sympathy for (most) students in hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt and no jobs.
[UK] Student tuition fee loans are greatly exaggerated in significance in today's news and politics and in reality are pointless. [UK]
I think the federal government shouldn't give, or at least should cap student loans given to useless majors.
Why are people so against the government replacing student grants with loans (UK)?
America will eventually allow bankruptcy for student loans.
It's a GOOD thing Elizabeth Warren's student loan bill didn't pass.
There is no student loan 'bubble'.
I think that federal student loans should only be given to people going into STEM fields.
I believe that after QE has ceased, government student loans should be pegged to the rate of USD inflation and that higher educational facilities should only accept loans from a student that are provided by one financial institution at a time.
[CMV] I think you should have to attend a career counseling session before obtaining student loans to pay for a degree.
A system in which students offer "shares" of their future earnings is preferable to the current student loan system.
I feel no sympathy for students with excessive student loans. CMV.
The USA should offer totally free Government-subsidized college tuition for all who qualify for college admission (Community or University degrees)
Community colleges and commuter colleges provide an inferior socialization experience when compared to a university located in a "college town".
point shaving on college sports should not be a crime for student athletes as in the Boston College scandal.
Putting aside cost, tax policies, implentation, etc. I believe Sanders' free college proposal is fixing a symptom, not the problem, of education in America. We should be focusing on fixing K-12, not making college free.
A college education does not make you intelligent. A college education makes you less unintelligent.
I think tuition fees in the UK should be 9k and the real problem is not tuition loans but student loans not even covering accommodation costs...
The Electoral College's continued problem of allowing for presidents who did not win the popular vote justifies it's abolition.
The Electoral College is the best system to elect a government.
Pursuing STEM in college is bad for most people.
The term "national debt" should be rebranded for an economically uneducated populace
Military spending of the US necessary to protect European countries does not make up for low-quality infrastructure and expensive higher education in the US.
It is impossible to improve education in the USA without hurting some groups, which means it's almost impossible to improve education in the USA.
A huge investment in Public Policy education would go very far to remedy the USA's problem producing reasonable candidates and viable solutions to today's problems.
Changing the Electoral College to count 2 votes for the winner of the state and the rest of the votes by the winner of each congressional district, like Maine and Nebraska already do, is a great idea.
Grading in college should be anonymous
If you favor abolishing the Electoral College, you should also favor abolishing the Senate.
Dollar per dollar, it is worth it to fund gifted education vs education for the learning disabled
Adopting a system of universal, free college tuition in the US is a bad idea and would hurt the country rather than help it.
The US federal debt threatens our financial stability.
I think delinquent debts that are paid off should not be counted against a person's credit score
Well paid middle-class manufacturing jobs that don't require college degrees are never coming back to the US
I shouldn't go to college
Teaching in public schools is a great career choice. Teachers are well compensated compared to other fields with similar education requirements.
If you're an economics/finance student who wants to start your career by working for politicians so they can "open doors" for you in the banking and finance sector, this is only going to work if you're working for right-wing politicians in a right-wing political party.
College tuition in United States is too high and increasing chiefly because there are easily obtainable extremely low-interest loans subsidized by the government specifically to pay for it.
The national debt in America is not as big an issue as many leaders claim it be
Mandatory college gen eds and formal class prerequisites punish self-determined students (US)
Student loan forgiveness is completely unfair to the people paid their loans back.
I think dyslexia in almost all cases is just a lack of education in the language.
"Safe spaces" have no place in higher education institutions.
Subprime auto loans are a necessary evil
Public Education Spending Can Be Dramatically Reduced While Improving Quality of Education Through the Use of Technology
If a student physically attacks another student and the victim fights back, the victim should not be punished.
Race should not be a factor in college admission
The US's "Electoral College" system for electing the president should be replaced by a simple vote count with at most two rounds.
Inheritance of ancestral fortune must necessitate inheritance of their debts ( I am asking this in the context of reparations)
The people who claim to be "pro-life" but are against things like welfare, helping refugees, or increasing education funds are misusing this label
improving our education is needed to help inequality against African americans and police violence
Fewer people should go to 4 year colleges, and standards should be raised
BSing sources in a college essay should be considered an honor code violation.
I believe that some degree of educational attainment should be a prerequisite of voting in nations with compulsory, free education.
As a society, we should be encouraging students to use their educational experience to further their entire lives, instead of telling them to enjoy it now.
In online only coursework, minimum post counts based on discussion have 0 education value and are thus pointless.
The British education system is fundamentally flawed, and should be completely overhauled.
Increasing the number of college graduates in a country has is not always a desirable goal.
The K-12 education system in the US is more problematic than the higher education system, and we should focus on fixing primary education before secondary.
John Oliver's show on Debt Buyers is misleading and makes a lot of false claims.
As a 32 white male with a non-Stem degree with £1,500 of debt who has been unemployed for two years my future will most likely be one of continual employment or low paid work, with little hope for improvement.
If Trump U is a scam, every university is a scam
The best possible social situation/time of your life with your friends is the period after graduating college and before getting married/having kids.
U.S. High Schools should make a greater effort towards students *understanding* the real reason for taking their courses -- math, science, english, history, etc. The reason for taking these courses is NOT to learn the subject matter for later in life.
If current Latino immigration rates in the USA subsist, the US will worsen academically and our culture will not emphasize education in 2050 as much as it has in previous decades.
As a high school teacher, I should rig my grades to where no student drops below a 50%.
Communication Majors are the most overlooked and underestimated majors within our universities in America.
Gender Studies is a Pseudoscience with a deep ideological bias and shouldn't be taught in publicly-funded Universities.
Colleges and Universities should require ALL undergraduates to take a nutrition course.
Colleges and universities should replace standard “A through F” letter grades with a pass/no pass system.
General education courses unrelated to a student’s major should be fully subsidized with public funds.
Powerful, economically secure nations have no obligation to open their borders to nations in high distress, high crime, and low education.
olleges should require ALL students to take an introduction to majors/careers the first semester of freshman year declared or not.
Financial Aid should be given to all undergraduate students
All U.S. universities should have mandatory training in micro aggressions.
I think the Sanders free college plan can work
Universities should eliminate upper division general education course requirements.
The Electoral College should be abolished and replaced with a STV style of election.
I believe that companies and universities should not be allowed to ask for race or gender in applications
Studens taking loans shouldn't get special treatment
We should raise taxes and pay off international debt instead of raising interest rates.
Basic high school level education should be a prerequisite for voting rights
I don't think Payday loans are a good idea in most cases, but I don't think they should be illegal.
If Boeing is able to earn $5.18 billion in profits last year, they don't need a subsidy on loans.
The United States should remove the process of Affirmative Action in order to let students live up to genuine academic potentials
Required composition/first-year writing classes in universities fundamentally don't work and should be cut.
The Electoral College system in the United States is fixable and more workable than a Popular Vote to elect the President.
Enlisting in the Coast Guard After College
Foreign language should not be a requirement in American colleges
I Don't Believe Diversity for Diversity's Sake is Important on American Universities
The US should implement more comprehensive sex education in schools at a younger age
America's Education System is very flawed.
Child prodigies should not prematurely go to college.
Not everyone should strive to be a college graduate and we shouldn't penalize them for it
in 10 years most people will need a college degree to get a job
Germany should cancel Greece's debt in exchange for Greece keeping all incoming refugees.
ollege admission reform is detrimental to intelligent and knowledgeable students who focus on academia.
Fans should never wear the jersey of a pro or college sports team if they've never had the honour of being selected to play for that team
Graduating from high school is more difficult than graduating from college
Women outperform men in both pre and post secondary education, a trend that will continue and may even grow stronger
University is the new general education, and like general ed should be publicly funded
It isn't fair for some colleges to allow grade replacements while others dont
There's no reason to not allow students calculators/formula sheets.
The government should only have the debt collection means available to private parties.
For the vast majority of college courses, there's no reason to buy the textbook.
Going to university has become pointless.
aths, beyond its rudiments, should not be a component of compulsary education
I think a good amount of poor people can increase their chances of becoming better off in life if they pay attention in school and go into some sort of skilled occupation (e.g. go to university or into skilled trades)
Affirmative Action post education is redundant and should not be used.
Interest rates on personal loans should be capped
The backlash following a school assignment that had high school students copy an Islamic statement of faith is justified.
Public Universities should not prohibit the formation of White Student Unions.
I believe one set of national education standards is better than 50 sets of state-developed standards.
Final Exam week is detrimental to students' academic performance and does not accurately represent a student's performance
I believe the use of crude "finger gun" gestures should absolutely NOT be stopped/censored on a college campus.
Race-based affirmative action in college admissions is completely unfair
In the Supreme Court case Evenwel v Abbott, the plaintiffs should be supported since the Electoral College already deals with votes per population based on voter and non-voter representation
Universities and colleges should be places of free discussion of controversial ideas, and that so called "safe space" policies and "no platforming" positions prevent this
The success of Jonathan Butler's hunger strike sets a dangerous precedent for student protests
US sport leagues should create minor league affiliates instead of using college as their scouting ground
Race-Based Affinity Housing at University is Antithetical to Diversity Goals
Islam is not the problem. Poor education about evolutionary biology is the problem.
University of Missouri students were justified in protesting the administration
It is hypocritical for the head of the BDS Movement to study at Tel Aviv University
Allowing people to carry concealed handguns on college campuses will do more harm than good.
The people protesting University of Missouri accusing the community and the president of the school of "systematic" racism are not being reasonable at all.
Demanding the resignation of the University of Missouri President is an inappropriate response to the grievances that have been aired.
American Colleges and Universities Should Abolish Athletic Recruiting
Colleges should consider a student's situation before deciding not to accept someone over poor post secondary marks, assuming their high school marks are good.
On balance, standardized testing is beneficial to K-12 students.
Schools should only teach skills which students will use in real life.
Bernie Sanders free public college plan would be a waste of taxpayers dollars and not fix the issue it's seeking to fix
Standardized tests are not a good reflection of how someone will do in college.
Public universities should increase the amount of students who earn a B or above
Learning differences should be accounted for in the college decision process
College classes that require attendance dull the minds of their students.
I do not believe college athletes should be compensated for participating in athletics, particularly with the rising cost of college
I see very limited value in higher education for society and as such, it should be substantially less publicly funded and we should drastically cut the number of people going to college/university
I should be able to choose to not go to school, if I am able to effectively study on my own and show my knowledge on those subjects through essays, exams and even conversations, as should most students.
I Don't Believe That There Is Anything Wrong With A Parent Spending Money On Their Kid During A College Visit.
Wikipedia is the best education based charity to donate to.
K-12 Education and Age should be decoupled to help all students to succeed.
You should never cosign a loan for friends or family.
Grades in American Education are inflated/too high
Colleges and universities are not "too PC"
If the U.S. Government denies student financial aid based on parental ability to pay, the gov't should provide a mechanism to force the parents to pay it.
Standardized tests are necessary for college admissions, but not an indicator for future success
I am against the idea of mandatory attendance for university courses
In exams, the students who finish first are the ones who get better grades.
Child support should not raise due to education and jobs after dissolution of relationship.
College curriculum should be teachable irrespective of students doing the reading/homework etc.
Ahmed Mohamed's (Texas student arrested for bringing a homemade suitcase clock to school) arrest was 100% justified. Moreover, Mohamed maliciously baited authorities and anyone who believes he honestly thought it looked like a clock is a fool, including the president.
blaming teachers for for the shortcomings in education is like blaming soldiers for losing a war.
If high school students are required to submit to random drug testing then so should the teachers
Open source education won't ever be able to compete with university-level education.
Ethics/Philosophy should be considered as important of an elective as Fine Arts or Physical Education etc. in high school
An increasing money supply is necessary for an increasing population, and much of the U.S. debt problems are because its done this poorly.
I believe that religious studies should be a required aspect of a student's curriculum
The government should fully fund continuing education and certain degree programs that increase productivity.
The Electoral College Should be Abolished
I'm a liberal progressive young person with a college degree in a low paying job. I think Bernie Sanders seems like the perfect candidate for someone in my position.
I believe that sports stadiums are a net negative for their local communities/municipalities, and that this inhibits cities from focusing on things like public works, transportation, and education
Rape on college campuses is not as big of a problem as it's made out to be.
In the US, specialized high schools are revenue centers for the college industry.
A forearm tattoo will not negatively affect prospects for higher education or employment.
Certain social welfare programs, not including Food Stamps and the like, are detrimental to the United States compared to programs that grant people with jobs, education, and training.
The West should fight Islamism by supporting the academic study of Islam and the religious education of Sheiks worldwide.
Math should not segregate students of different skill levels by placing an adept student into the next year's class. Instead, advanced students should be placed in a rigorous class that uses the same concepts in their peers but in more unconventional and challenging ways.
Touch-Typing should be a required skill for university.
A Statistics course should be required as standard high school education
Your race should have no effect on your chances of getting into a good university.
A college student should only be required to take courses in their major.
It wouldn't be a bad thing if higher education was less accessible.
Adding arts to STEM to make STEAM is a step backwards for education
Healthcare and Education should be essentially free in an ideal society
The electoral college in the American voting system is a ridiculous and outdated method of determining who wins an election
One should not bring a kid into this world unless they can afford to pay their college tuition.
The reason college graduate have trouble finding jobs is because they do not do enough in college
There is no rational reason for me to get married (28/M/grad student)
I don't think people, banks, countries, etc. have a moral obligation to repay loans given to them with the expectation of profit to the lender if they are willing to accept the consequences.
i think that comparing the actual Greece debt situation with the situation of the German debt after WWII (that was restructured) is a total empty argument.
I am over 10 years out of college and have a great career. I have a hard time accepting that a driven, intelligent person would fail in finding success.
Common Core (esp. Mathematics) is a system that is fundamentally flawed and does not prepare students for the real world.
Bernie Sanders idea of free college doesn't seem like a good thing.
I think student should be able to test out of almost every class.
A diploma is basically a receipt from the university.
If college education was free, the value of a degree would decrease.
Having a "Black Graduation" doesn't "acknowledge the accomplishments of students from traditionally underserved communities", it promotes segregation and disunity
If law students have mandatory pro bono in a state, licensed attorneys in that jurisdiction should have mandatory pro bono too.
B. Sanders-style Socialism will dig our country deeper into debt by spending money we don't have, and despite great social policy, his economic policy is a deal-breaker.
The rise of automation in the workplace is seen as something that's going to put a lot of people out of a job who have no other options. I don't think that the advancing technology is as big of a threat as generally considered, and I think (at least US) education is the actual problem.
I hate seeing rich kids and rich Asian people at my college.
Donating to an Ivy League university is not an act of altruism. It's a gigantic, immoral waste of money.
I don't think I should spend every waking hour of my teenage life trying to get into a good college
As a grad student, I'll be rolling in the dough
With few exceptions college professors should not be allowed to weigh single assignments so heavily that passing it results in course failure.
It's alright to have a dog in a college apartment
If you can learn alone, going to class in college is a waste of time.
Universities should not be able to take 50% of scientific grant money, just to funnel it into slush funds for the rest of the university. It should be required to stay in the department.
Social programs are no substitute for a good financial education and throwing money at people who cannot handle money is a waste.
A major part of the reason college is so expensive is because our generation is spoiled and privileged.
the wailing and gnashing of teeth regarding colleges using the preponderance standard when adjudicating sexual assault incidences is wrongheaded.
High school students should be required to take a law class that teaches laws, rights, and punishments.
The NUS no longer represents students in the UK
The electoral college should shift to a percentage-based system, not the winner take all system we have now.
GPA Shouldn't Be Used By Colleges To Determine Admission
I think "Ethnic Studies" curriculum should be required before high school graduation in all districts that have high concentrations of students of color.
Most of the people agree that Greece asking Germany for war reparations is ridiculous, since WW2 ended a long time ago. Thus, it is perfectly fine for Greece to ignore its debts for 70+ years and then make the exact claim.
Governments should enact a true Jubilee for much of their internal debt, forgiving or vastly reducing it to better people's lives and banning harsh collection tactics.
Teaching life skills should be the core function of high school, and not general education.
Business school is a perversion of the purpose of universities
Either college athletes should be paid or sports should be decoupled from post-secondary education.
The America public college system is backwards.
Giving teachers tenure is a stupid idea, and it promotes laziness and a poor education system
Power, Education (at all levels), Health care, Internet & phone service, housing and clothing should be provided by the state for free
The "Strartup Craze" is Damaging to Science, Education, and Technological Devlopment.
Teachers Should be Allowed to Search Student Property
I believe that a driver causing the total loss of another's vehicle should be liable for the entire loan balance or the entire value, whichever is greater.
Almost every college football Bowl Game should be eliminated
Universities that receive public funding should be responsible for placing their graduating students in relevant careers
LGBTQ folks should be featured more prominently in kid's TV and education.
I think that college is not that expensive compared to previous generations
I believe Greek Life should be banned from Universities
I don't want to go to college.
The American custom in which people leave their parents' homes after high school or college is wrong and inferior
I want to move very far away for college while my parents want me to stay local/in-state.
It is extremely unlikely I will be "successful" in life without going into a lot of debt.
It is extremely unlikely I will be "successful" in life without going into a lot of debt.
I'm wasting four years of my life and thousands of dollars for an education that is subpar to what I could acquire myself and for a piece of paper that is taken for more than it is actually worth.
Primary and Secondary Education Curricula Should be Much More Difficult
Grades make education far less effective for learning
It upsets me that at my university that Veteran's week is shared with Transsexual awareness week.
All children should receive instruction in Logic/Critical Thinking as part of their education.
I think you don't need to go to college in order to have a good career and or job
Universities should recieve public funding, however, too many people are currently attending university. We should reduce enrollment and divert funding from low ranked schools and fund more prestegious institutions.
Homosexuality and other sexual practices that deviate from what most people do should not be taught in American sex education classes.
Parents should encourage their kids to watch REALITY TV as they are a very good source of education.
I have no sympathy for most college graduates who complain that they can't find jobs
School vouchers/choice make sense because they allow students to escape under performing schools.
- I'm a politically conservative student who genuinely believes that Tony Abbott is doing a good job as the Prime Minister of Australia.
I should withdraw from university.
Standardized tests are fairer to minorities and poorer people for college admissions than the idea of a "well rounded" application.
The Greek System in college is pointless
College cafeterias do not offer good enough healthy options for students
iddle Class Students Should Receive More Financial Aid
The Lack of Education in Schools is Causing Obesity
In the US, college is incredibly cheap.
, the electorate college system to elect a president is absolutely ridiculous as it essentially makes some voters more important than others
The internet has made rote learning completely obsolete and education should be entirely focused on critical thinking.
I think the US Electoral College is absurd and in a country that didn't fetishise its founding fathers so much it would have been changed long ago.
I already have a job lined up for next summer, but I still have a year of college left. I believe that I should only have to try hard enough to graduate.
In today's information age, the American education system does an extremely poor job of preparing the work force.
The way many universities are treating rape/sexual assault is excessive, alarmist, and bordering on irresponsible.
Mentally disabled students shouldn't be allowed to attend general classes at public schools
The "preponderance of evidence" system in US college rape cases is backwards and unfair to men.
It is utterly unethical under any circumstances for Scotland to not take on its share of UK debt if it votes for independance
I don't see any reason to "support" my college bookstore by buying overpriced textbooks from them
I don't really understand "college nationalism".
I believe that publicly funded universities should should remove gender-specific and race-specific scholarships.
I think we should have mandatory birth minimums and restrictions based on education, military service, awards, income, etc.
I believe that stricter gun laws would only cause more problems and that gun education needs to be promoted.
I am completely screwed and depressed for college as my only choices are to continue my (discouraged) current major, switch into something else (penalized by time, money, opportunity costs), or drop out all together. I believe dropping out is the best approach.
Instead of awarding Nobel prize for Peace and Literature, it needs to be given for Promoting the Education.
I don't think schools (as we have them) are the most effective method of preparing students for adult life.
I believe that Standardized Testing in K-12 is important, but should be applied to teachers, not students.
I think the debt snowball method of paying down debt is better than any other method
Public healthcare should be thought of similarly to public education
k-12, 80% of the time, should be considered social work first and education second.
People need to stop being fans of college sports.
there is nothing wrong with legal loan sharks and payday loan companies.
I should drop out of college and my family is largely responsible for it.
I believe that American education is fundamentally flawed because it emphasizes gaming the system over true learning.
I think firearms safetyand handling education should be taught in our public schools. Most arguments against this have been very similar to the arguments supporting abstinence only sex ed, which is just foolish.
Schools should have to provide a quality lunch, free of charge to all students.
People who are pro Affirmative Action for African Americans in regard to college academic admissions must admit that it is only fair that Asian Americans experience similar benefits toward college D1 football and basketball recruitment.
The University of California is the best public university system in the world.
I believe racism/prejudiced against blacks keeps perpetuating itself in young people in large part due to lack of education on history
It is critical for the progress of society that science classes teach students there is no free will
Graduation ceremonies should only be held for High School and College
People in power don't intentionally dumb down education in order to perpetuate themselves in power.
The recent swell in protesting Commencement speakers at colleges is a good thing.
I do not think that the SAT is a fair way to assess High School Students
Canada should cut foreign aid until we've paid off our debt.
Cadaver donation does more good than organ donation, so I'm opting to donate my dead body to a university.
I think it is better for me to break up with my hs girlfriend now than it would be to wait until college.
Detroit should loan the 80k blight homes to capable individuals for free and supply repair materials in lieu of demolition.
Graduating from college does not cause an increase in wages
Should American schools shift from the Math & Sciences Focus to a student's personal focus?
I think that social Greek organizations at colleges inherently foster an unhealthy mindset.
Women's college softball on ESPN is unwatchable.
I'm thinking of dropping out of college.
I shouldn't attend a privte medical school in order to avoid poverty over the next 8 years (besides the 300k debt).
I believe that "Anti-Discrimination" policies on Canadian college campuses have become little more than tools cynically used by the far-left to maintain intellectual hegemony and silence dissenting views
CMV: Affirmative action, at least in its current implementation in American universities, is unjust and ineffective.
In order to discourage academic students from plagiarizing essays, code, etc., the academic students should be allowed to run their own essays and code through plagiarism detection software such as Turnitin, MOSS, Diff, etc. before submitting their work.
The movement to the Common Core is hurting students more than helping them (At least in New York State).
urving grades is a poor teaching practice that lowers the overall quality of an education.
I Believe That Education Never Ends And People Need To Always Drive To Better Themselves
Videos from places like Khan Academy should replace textbooks in the classroom and students should be able to learn at their own pace.
Every Person on the planet should have the right to 4 things without charge: A home, Food, Healthcare, and Education.
Political posts like Health Secretary, Education Secretary etc should only be held by academic experts in their field.
The higher education system is irrevocably broken.
I, an undergraduate student, shouldn't pursue a physics major
I believe UK universities are uninspiring and have lost their true meaning.
Consent and Safety should be included in Sexual Education classes.
I'm in favor of affirmative action in University, grad school, and professional hiring.
I think that grading teachers based the grades of students is a bad idea
I think school from Kindergarten to college should be completely optional
I believe that college athletes should unionize and should be recognized as employees.
I belive that every college campus should be forced to allow concealed carry.
I think that the public education system in the United States is purposely sabotaging American children with standardized testing through the No Child Left Behind Act.
I think college boosters should be able to pay football and basketball players.
I believe that a cultural class should be mandatory to all high school students so as to better prepare them when aknowledging people from different cultures.
I want to switch majors my last semester in college.
I believe that proper schooling in the liberal arts is a necessary aspect of any education.
High schools should be given an incentive to compete with other high schools to give the highest quality education.
I don't think there is a reason to pay unsecured, non-interest bearing debts if you won't seek new lines of credit in the future.
Undocumented youth ought to be allowed to attend university in the U.S. without discrimination of any kind.
olleges that have campus wide smoking bans are unjustly demonizing smokers and doing it for their own self interest, not the health of their students.
You're a hypocrite if you despise the teaching of creationism, but say nothing about the disparity of education between rich/poor areas.
Instructional textbooks made of paper for school, university or any other type of learning are deprecated.
I think that the use of live animals in student labs is cruel and unnecessary.
I should expose my classmates and I's cheating during our final semester of university.
Students should be allowed to use all internet resources and work with other students on assignments and projects without it being called cheating.
Public funding of education harms the economy
I consider safe shelter , nutritious food, and quality education and healthcare universal human rights.
Myers-Briggs should be taught in all levels of education.
I'm convinced that the mainstream swing dance education system is not balanced and very flawed.
ollege counselors in general, are a determent to most members of the student body.
I believe it's fine to mark the wrong race when applying to college.
I have a nagging suspicion that credit card miles and bonus points programs are a scam to get me to amass debt and pay them more in interest than they give me back for charging it in the first place. CMV.
A popular vote for United States president would be superior to the electoral college.
I believe all information should be free to the individual, and college is objectively a waste of money, energy and life. Diplomas should not be held in higher regard than sheer ability when it comes to the job hunt.
University system (in the US) is an enormous scam that focuses on separating as much money from you as possible instead of quality education.
I think that college basketball is a farce and not worth anybody's emotional investment because once players get good, they go to the NBA. CMV.
I think it's ok for ethnically based associations to exist (ex. Black Doctors Society of New York, Latino/Mexican Students Club), however if "white" variations were to exist it WOULD be racist.
I believe that a significant portion of military funding in the US should be used instead to fund education. CMV.
I think people that got free public education in their home country must be charged for it if they decide to migrate.
I don't think the U.S. national debt is a big deal. CMV.
Pornstars should not be allowed to attend university. CMV.
I believe that hard science majors, especially at top colleges, are far superior to liberal arts majors.
Paying for Education is the Worst Mistake I Ever Made. CMV.
The U.S. college system needs serious reworking CMV.
I believe CPR and other basic medical training should be mandatory for all school/college students. CMV.
Teen Sues Parents for Cash, College Tuition. Does She Have a Case? ~ I believe she does. [CMV]
I think a college degree is unnecessary.
I think parents that are well-off but won't pay for their children's higher education at all are selfish.
I think political systems would be improved if campaign funds were distributed through a public loan system. The paying back of which would be conditional on losing the election.
I don't think I need to try for harder than a 3.0 my last semester of college. CMV.
Welfare benefits should be loans
I believe that schools giving suspensions to students has the opposite effect on behavior.
I don't think college is worth the time spent to gain a degree when the time could be spent working a full time job.
America's debt is far from being unmanageable. It needs to be paid off, sure, but the whole "we're drowning in debt" thing just doesn't bare out when you take into account just how massive America's economy is. CMV.
I believe America's Health Class is useless and teaches to do things that the PTA wants, which is irrelevant for education. CMV!
If I had a prescription for ritalin, adderall, vyvanse, etc. college would be easier.
I think high price private universities are the worst mistake a high school grad can make and the government should defund them. CMV?
I believe education and business are incompatible.
Students who obtain proper permits should be allowed to carry firearms on college campuses. CMV.
The strive for knowledge has been shattered by the public education system. CMV.
I think college is highly overrated and that the people of my country (USA) don't have their priorities in order.
I think forcing public school students to over-discuss diversity is counter productive and encourages discrimination in this era.
I think that teachers should have students discover information instead of handing it to them. CMV.
I believe extra time for those students with "learning difficulties" is absurd and should be banned.
I don't think i should go to college. Please CMV.
- I believe sex specific schools would greatly improve students grades and schooling.
I think that more controversial and 'philosophical' questions are to be taught in all schooling, not just university.
I think the new "P5 Group" is good for college football.
I believe that all institutionalized education is inherently capitalist.
I believe that a public school system is the only acceptable way for education to be provided for kids K-12 and that a market-based education system for K-12 is bad. CMV.
I think college athletes should get paid to compete in lieu of scholarships. CMV.
I believe that we can change american school's by allowing students to evaulate their teachers,
I feel like education should be an option instead of a requirement, CMV.
I believe school administrations have no business interfering with student activities, particularly with respect to fraternities and sororities, when they aren't detrimental to people who aren't participating.
I don't think there is any one question that could determine how prepared you are for college.
I believe that education is not conducive to happiness. CMV.
I feel that an education in the arts prohibits creativity in whatever craft is studied.
I believe that education should be socialized in the US.
I believe University speech codes are unconstitutional
I want to drop out of college and enlist in the Navy
I think that selective education should be adopted in public schools.
I believe short loan sites like Wonga are completely ok and do not do anything wrong. I think the critics are unfair, and just haven't thought about it.
I believe that computer science should replace religious studies in the UK education system, CMV.
I believe a business school education is worthless if you've never worked anywhere else.
As a tax payer, I find it distasteful that my state University football bowl game will be on ESPN.
I believe that increasing college costs are justified economically, and that socializing college is blatantly immoral.
I believe that "Anti-Discrimination" policies on college campuses have become little more than tools cynically used by the far-left to maintain intellectual hegemony and silence dissenting views
I believe certain college majors are a waste of time,
I believe the popular vote is better to the electoral college
I believe that the United States will never be able to eliminate it's debt. CMV.
I don't believe in modern education. Those who reactively defend modern education are either indoctrinated or have a vested interest in equating schooling with education. CMV.
I believe that paying full tuition for college is a punishment for hard work, sacrifice, and responsible living, and that the majority of financial aid recipients are either lazy, fiscally irresponsible, or liars.
I believe college degrees are no longer an indication of cognitive ability and GPAs are routinely inflated.
I believe there was nothing wrong with how 4chan and /mensrights acted in the Occidental College anonymous rape report form incident.
School is really inefficient and the value of a university degree is baffling
I don't believe that universities are nearly as greedy as they are portrayed.
I think that the promotion of "hands on" learning in science education actually has harmful effects on society as a whole.
Schools should implement comprehensive sex education and hand out free condoms. CMV.
I believe that alternative education formats like Khan Academy deserve full academic credentials and should be capable of granting credit for work accomplished.
I believe the entire US education system needs a massive overhaul.
I believe that homework doesn't help students learn or understand a subject. CMV.
I believe that most universities in the United States are no better than the online degree mills many people criticize,
I believe there's nothing wrong with people living with their parents after college. It's actually a smart thing to do financially.
I think university level testing should not be timed, at penalty to the test taker.
All university/college students should have to pass a ethics/morals unit to complete a degree
I believe the current education system should stay that way.
Students are students, and should not be considered customers in the traditional sense. CMV.
I believe that requiring students to "show their work" on basic algebra problems serves no purpose and is essentially accusing the student of cheating. CMV.
U.S. high school graduates should be required to take a gap year prior to applying to or enrolling in college.
I believe one of the best ways to help education (and the economy) in the US is to hire psychologists and therapists to work with underprivileged children.
Birth rates worldwide are falling not because of education, but because economic maturity is delayed to the mid 30s. CMV.
I believe that going to college right after high school is a bad investment. CMV.
There are way too many people in universities. The 'degree' is inflated. CMV.
Professionalism and Success requires a fantastic education & preparation...
I think several "academic" disciplines (such as theology) should not receive funding nor be carried out at universities, CMV.
I believe that those in poverty without children or disabilities should get an education to pull themselves out of poverty, instead of relying on others to do it for them. CMV.
Brown University students booing NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly off stage was a good thing, and not a failure of free speech in academia.
I think commissioning the shipping of weed directly to buyers and avoiding liability is easier than going to college and getting a real job
I think that mandatory Physical Education classes do more harm than good (in certain cases.) CMV.
I think "fluff" electives are an important part of college and shouldn't be taken off the curriculum. CMV.
I believe people who can't get jobs after college didn't work hard enough,
The "standard" system of education in Western Countries is outdated, primarily in the United States.
Alcohol companies should not be allowed to sponsor college sports. CMV.
I believe a true education is bought!
I don't think having a teacher dress up as a knight makes a positive impact to the student's learning.
harters and vouchers will make public education worse. CMV.
I believe that tracking (aka, remedial, average, advanced classes) are the only good way of structuring an education system.
I think that if a player from team A is ejected from the game for a targeting penalty, team B gets to choose 1 active player from team A's roster to sit out for the rest of the game. (College Football)
- I think that the argue about the debt ceiling is stupid, childish and has no gain.
The notion that college sports are superior because they are "more about the passion" and their equivalent pro sports are "all about money" is a delusion.
I don't believe that inclusion works, and that students with special need should be schooled separately.
I think that getting a college degree for a form of art is a waste of money and time.
I think that education is the single most important factor in the development of a country. CMV.
I believe that recent college graduates who cannot find jobs largely have themselves to blame. CMV.
I believe that if you know exactly what you want to study in college, then gen. eds should not be a requirement.
I believe that American schools should not force students to recite the Pledge of Allegiance everyday.
the stigma against wearing high school letterman jackets in college is stupid.
I believe congressional districts and the electoral college should be abolished.
I think an ideal society would be run by technocrats that heavily fund education, healthcare, and science.
I Think I Should Drop Out of College and Pursue Technical Work.
I don't believe we'll live long enough to see any real consequences to getting the US into abysmal amounts of debt. CMV.
I believe that when the 'tuition bubble' pops in the United States, nobody should be bailed out, because higher education is not a right, it is a privilege. CMV.
I didn't vote due to the system of the electoral college.
I believe that universities should not hire many foreign professors. Please
I believe that the education I have received has stripped me of my will to learn and move forward.
I believe mandatory attendance policies in college are stupid and unnecessary,
I believe that all non-labor unions (SPECIFICALLY TEACHERS UNIONS) are a joke and perpetuate a weak education system.
I believe that the current education system we have today is incredibly inefficient. CMV.
I believe that tenure for K-12 or non-college level teachers is unnecessary and often detrimental to the school and students.
I think the government shouldn't pay for post-secondary education. CMV.
I believe that standardized grades are the biggest problem with our education system, CMV.
This year is the first in which I'm being asked to fill out a "Roommate Agreement Contract" at my college. I strongly feel I should not have to do so. CMV.
I think the satisfaction of students with their department/university shouldn't be a metric upon which institutions are ranked.
I believe that the feminism movement has caused a crash in the U.S. education system, and it's a crash that we likely will never recover from. CMV.
I think literary analysis is an unnecessary skill for those who are not going into fields which require it specifically, and should not be taught until college. CMV.
I think the public education system in the United States is weighted towards girls
Living in Australia, with government-assisted tertiary education, I believe that government funding for Uni courses should be "means-tested" against the job prospects and productivity of the job field. CMV.
I believe that sex education should be 100% compulsory, and there should be no way to opt out for any reason, even for homeschooled children. CMV.
I believe behaviour comes from social conditionning and education alone.
I think classes for "gifted" kids (like GATE) meant to provide extra enrichment should instead be offered to struggling students who would benefit more from them.
I Believe the Big Ten is the most overrated conference in College Football. CMV.
I think most higher education is useless, given today's horrible economy.
We should close down or stop funding most humanities and soft sciences in colleges, as they are not productive for society. CMV.
I believe that public education should not exist because of the fact that it is based on the Prussian model of education, which is unbelievably evil.
I don't think sex education is necessary beyond the information that protection should be used.
I think college is a useless idea created just to make money, and should not exist.
I feel that Higher Education is a giant scam, and feel it is a waste of time and money. CMV.
I think universities should only teach academic subjects, CMV.
I believe that all schools in all stages of education should be free.
I believe that the ability to learn online should make college outdated soon^tm.
I find it hypocritical of American Universities to offer degrees in 'the arts' (music, dance, etc) but not in athletics.
I think public education as it exists is a form of oppression.
I Believe The US Education System Requires Drastic Changes.
I believe that college should not be encouraged by our schools as it is now, it is not for everyone, or even most people, CMV (Americans only)
I believe NBA is better then college basketball, CMV.
I believe that we should start implementing knowledge of organized crime and the atrocities they commit into drug education programs.
I believe the electoral college is an outdated practice
I feel I should delete my facebook before I start college in a few weeks
I'm a student on a budget, and I think renter's insurance is a waste of money,
A friend of mine wants to go back to university to study petroleum engineering at the age of 26 after having worked all his life in marketing. I think its stupid. CMV.
I believe most people don't make an effort to educate themselves, and I don't think keeping up with your education is a difficult thing to do; please CMV.
I believe too many people are going to college nowadays, and the idea that everyone should go to college is preposterous and bad for society,
I think that the correlation between education and liberal politics, as well as the tendency of society to move leftward, is evidence that liberal politics have more merit than the alternatives.
I think cheating in university is acceptable under certain circumstances given the current standards.
The only road to a ''better world'' is a drastic change to our education system.
I think that the Confessions done by teenage students online are not justified.
ollege athletics programs are ridiculous and have no place in the education system
I think that the Towson Univeristy Student Union has nothing inherently racist about it.
I believe the NY ruling against unpaid internships is short-sighted and will be terrible for students and interns. CMV.
I believe race, religion, gender, and sexual orientation should not be included on college applications.
I believe every student in a class should get the same final grade as the student with the LOWEST final grade in the class.
I have sadly resolved the view that men are being neglected if not victimised in the education process. Hopefully someone can CMV.
I think technology in classrooms inhibits student learning. Reddit,
I think high-stakes testing within high school education is a very bad thing. Reddit, for the first time ever,
I support education reform. Please CMV.
I think college athletes should be paid
I believe that school should only be available to kids who want to have an education.
I think accommodations undisclosed to colleges on the SAT and ACT for people with learning disabilities are unfair and counterproductive. CMV please.
I think devotion to sports by so many people in high school and college is a waste of time.
I believe that the concept of education in a classroom is overrated and antiquated.
I think Smoke-free college campuses are stupid, and probably not even legally enforceable.
I think that most people who complain about their countries education systems are just lazy or don't care about school/university.
I believe that the US education system is doomed because of teachers
I think we should not encourage so many people to go to college.
It takes more work and discipline to become rich than to get fit, go to college, find a romantic partner, etc., or any other serious life goal.
Teachers and schools should not be allowed I take students' phones.
ourses that are not useful for finding employment should not be taught in universities CMV; Also bonus CMV about leftist bias in universities
I believe the US. Electoral College should be abolished,
I think most people who criticize the "American" education system have no idea of what they are talking about.
I believe that actively reading novels, required in high school English classes, detracts from the overall value and ruins reading for students.
I believe education is not a conduit for upward mobility for otherwise disadvantages youths, and in fact inhibits them from pursuing a realistic job.
I don't think people are automatically entitled to free healthcare and education. CMV.
I believe that it is impossible to motivate high school students in a lasting way if they are not already internally motivated to graduate and do well in school.
I don't think that "the economy" is a good excuse for college grads being unemployed, and they mostly just think they're too "superior" for menial jobs out of their field.
I believe that college athletes should only be compensated with an athletic scholorship and not be paid to play. CMV.
That we are a hopeless slightly higher than ape species who is dependent on education to overcome our animal instincts and who are sadly de-funding education anyways.
I think that liars on college applications and job searches win in the end.
I think solving education inequality will have close to no impact on social inequality. CMV.
I believe that the American model of self-paid college makes America less competitive in a global economy.
I believe that teachers should be allowed to spank their students.
[CMV] I think (American) presidential elections should be decided by an instant runoff vote instead of the electoral college.
I live in Pakistan, after seeing the rampant destruction of my country by politicians, I have come to believe that voting should weighted according to education, not 'one man, one vote' T
The electoral college is bad for America.
I think Liberal Arts is a scam by Colleges to increase tuition. CMV.
I don't believe that people are literally unable to afford college. CMV.
I believe that American college baseball players should use wooden bats instead of aluminum bats. CMV!
I'm a doctoral student in psychology interested in evolutionary neuroscience. I believe in evolution, and therefore I believe that different races possess varying cognitive, temperamental, and physical attributes.
I believe Unschooling is the way to go when it comes to education...
I think all college freshmen should be required to take a sociology class. CMV.
I don't think I have an obligation to my child to provide financial support for post-secondary education.
I believe that taking a college major that won't allow you to pay back your college tuition is irresponsible and self-destructive.
I believe that students should be able to have concealed weapons on campus. CMV.
I agree with affirmative action at the college level, but disagree at the corporate level (for post-undergraduate jobs).
I believe that some university/college/higher education is fast becoming a waste of time. CMV.
I believe clubs that are suppose to celebrate diversity (like the black student union) only cause a more segregated society!
I believe the NCAA serves the very opposite of its student's best interest.
I believe PE/Gym class in public schools should be mandatory and students should be graded on performance.
I think college is way too easy and the number of people graduating college should be cut in half.
I think that post-secondary education is a privilege, not a right (ie. you should have to pay for it). CMV.
Private colleges would be cheaper and better than public ones.  Why is this false for college but true for charter k-12?
The Greek System in colleges ruins a school for me. CMV.
I want to take a year off between High School and College
I believe that college is a complete waste of time and money (say for a few professions) and does nothing to help with a getting and/or maintaining job.
I see no logical reason to spend more money on a Mac opposed to a PC unless a college class requires one. CMV.
I believe home schooling is the best form of education. CMV.
I believe that there should be no legislated discrimination or quotas in enployment or education.
I think that if a job requires higher education, the company should be required to fund said education.
I'm going to be a special education teacher and I don't have a problem with the word "retard" used as a common place word.
If you aren't in a medical field or perhaps teaching, college is a waste of money.