If an illegal immigrant doesn't commit crimes and pays taxes, they should be allowed to stay.
It is morally acceptable to deport illegal immigrants regardless of the time they've been here
Patriotism is good, and countries - with borders - are still necessary.
: Syrian refugees got their one chance and wasted it. Serious actions should be taken immediately.
Issues over where refugees can go and what scrutiny they should be subjected to is completely unimportant compared to figuring out how to end the Syrian Civil War (which is creating the need for refugees to leave their communities)
Digging a trench along the border would be better than building a wall.
The U.S. should adopt an [mostly] open immigration and citizenship policy.
I feel that refugees would be more welcome as temporary visitors/wards of a host country as opposed to permanent new citizens.
Illegal immigration is a form of civil disobedience protesting global inequalities and the impossibility of legal immigration. It's a Jim Crow sit in on a grand scale.
Europa should stop letting any refugees.
Taking in refugees is assisting ISIS in their pogrom of the Middle East
In the global competition for skilled talent, Europe has fallen behind the competition due to issues of language, immigration policy and the inability of Europe to integrate Europeans.
Europeans are more discriminatory towards the Gypsies(Roma) than Americans are towards Blacks and Mexicans.
The FairTax would be a great solution to the illegal immigration problem.
Trump's stance on immigration is over-exaggerated my the media and not actually that extreme.
Asian-Americans will be better at raising their kids than their immigrant parents.
Developed countries should start accepting atheist refugees.
The people who claim to be "pro-life" but are against things like welfare, helping refugees, or increasing education funds are misusing this label
If nothing is done about illegal immigration, America in 15 years will be test worse in most academic indicators(College graduation, literacy rate, level of education, testing in certain subjects etc.) compared to today.
The logic behind banning Muslim immigrants doesn't make sense
I think that letting refugees into canada and the USA en masse will have a negative impact on our culture.
It would be logistically impossible for the United States to impose a Muslim immigrant ban and it would not be able to stop terrorist attacks.
Tackling Illegal Immigration is a complete waste of money
in regards to immigration, either illegals should be deported or we should have a system in place that gives more countries amnesty (like the US does for Cuba)
I believe that people in the west who are concerned about immigration from places like the Middle East must first consider the actions taken by their governments which led to the destabilization of those regions.
Descendants of slaves being proud of being black is morally equivalent to other ethnic groups being proud of their Irish, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Dominican etc. ancestry
Prime Minister Merkel is making a big mistake to allow millions of immigrants into Germany
If current Latino immigration rates in the USA subsist, the US will worsen academically and our culture will not emphasize education in 2050 as much as it has in previous decades.
Powerful, economically secure nations have no obligation to open their borders to nations in high distress, high crime, and low education.
I believe that continuous immigration combined with low fertility rates results in dilution and eventual loss of a country's native population
Obama's immigration action is blatantly illegal and should be overturned by the Supreme Court
I think Hispanic mass immigration has overall been a negative thing for the U.S.
We shouldn't be letting in the refugees
There is nothing morally wrong with building a wall to keep out potential illegal immigrants
I feel that the argument "All Americans are or had ancestors who were immigrants." is irrelevant in discussions about modern immigration reform.
Federal and state governments in the US should stop producing documents in languages other than English because it allows immigrants to "get by" without learning English which leads to a lack of assimilation. (Which is a bad thing)
There are more effective ways of stopping illegal immigration than building a giant wall.
Bernie Sanders' platform completely falls apart without harsher immigration laws.
sending your children to daycare because you want to continue your career is selfish and bordering on abandonment
The major problem with buying drugs is that the user essentially is complicit in murder(if the drugs came across the border)
Introducing large numbers of Syrian refugees to large population centers in the West makes a terror attack in those areas much more lucrative, and therefore more likely.
Tabloids and Facebook-shares of unverified "news" are dumbing down our society and are directly responsible for an unreasonable fear of- and hatred towards refugees
Germany should cancel Greece's debt in exchange for Greece keeping all incoming refugees.
We shouldn't accept the refugees we'd deem capable for our own forced enlistment policies.
All new immigrants to the US should verbally agree with and swear to defend each amendment in the bill of rights, plus a series of secular declarations in support of women's rights, division between church and state, etc, etc
It would be better if all the sexual assailants on New Years in Germany were refugees and migrants because then it wouldn't be seen as a racial issue, but merely a cultural one.
A plan to ban all Muslim immigration until we have a way to sort out radicals is no different than a plan to ban all Nazi immigration during WWII because we have a way to sort out the "dangerous Nazis."
I think illegal immigration in Los Angeles does not increase rent prices in better neighborhoods even if apartments are limited because it only affects poor neighborhoods
I don't think we should have Muslim immigration
No country should accept immigrants
A temporary ban on Muslim immigration is a good idea
The United States should accept Syrian refugees for humanitarian and moral reasons, and despite opposing views, it can be done at little risk to Americans.
I'm against immigration
America should let Syrian Refugees in to help them get away from war.
I think European countries should turn away all refugees who come seeking asylum, and instead work as near as possible to the crisis zones
Western countries accepting Syrian refugees is bad for the long-term stability/health of the region they are fleeing from. Not for the Western countries accepting them.
The United States and Europe should take in the Christian Syrian Refugees
Western countries should only take in women, children, and elder refugees from Syria
The debate to allow Syrian refugees into the US is a pointless argument
The existence of homeless veterans is not a reason to deny refugees
America is most at fault for the immigration crisis in Europe, making it pathetic to see so many Politicians against the USA accepting immigrants. I also believe this is exactly what the USA wants in the name of imperialism.
I see nothing bad with prioritising what kind of refugees we take in from war torn countries.
The recent American political pandering about "blocking refugees" is foolish, inhumane, and unstrategic cowardice from our elected leaders.
Canada should not let the refugees in.
Proposals by US governors to bar Syrian refugees are unconstitutional.
- The demonstrated potential for fifth column attacks against their adopted countries make Muslim immigrants the bogeyman that nativists have been fearing and preaching against.
I believe that there is unnecessary support for the refugee crisis
Deporting every illegal Mexican alien is implausible, idiotic, intolerant, and inconsiderate.
Instead of deporting them, we should give illegal immigrants in the US a "yellow" card.
Should if ever happen in the future and it has "majority" support from the local population, I will support mexican parts of the Southern US in seceding and joining Mexico.
The idea of immigration controls is ridiculous.
Intellectual diversity has made western society great but racial diversity has made western society more violent, weaker and culturally fragmented. For this reason voluminous immigration is not a solution to US/Europe's woes.
EU is exacerbating the immigration crisis by accepting immigrants
The UK has a moral obligation to take more refugee.
The British Pakistani community’s struggle to integrate is causing problems for other immigrants and refugees.
there is no "refugee crisis" in northwestern Europe
Supporting the right of return to Israel/Palestine for Jews while denying it to Palestinian refugees (including third generation) is hypocritical
Immigration is okay, as long as the immigrants don't have values that place citizens of your country at risk (i.e. come from a culture that is homophobic, transphobic, racist, etc.)
Supporting the immigration of Muslim refugees into a predominately Christian/Agnostic country is detrimental to the host country.
As much as refugees are a big issue, in Syria and the surrounding areas, military intervention is equally crucial.
Europe has a responsibility to help the refugees (and, to an extent, towards all immigrants) because of their colonial brutality in Africa and Asia.
The United States is unfairly judged for wanting to stop illegal immigration, when the rest of the world is doing the same thing.
To discourage illegal immigration, a child born in the USA should only receive birthright citizenship if the parents of that child can prove they are citizens or legal residents (but not legal visitors!) of the USA.
I believe European countries should only take in female refugees
Bernie Sanders is a bad person for his immigration policy, and anyone who interprets this as racism on his part has a very good reason for doing so.
The narrative for Black and Hispanic Americans struggles in this country are bogus based on the success of Poor Asian Immigrants.
There should be NO restrictions on immigration WHATSOEVER. People should be able to migrate between countries completely freely, with no restrictions.
(too much) Immigration hurts a country's culture
We shouldn't worry about being compassionate to Mexican illegal immigrants the same way we don't worry about being uncompassionate to the rest of the world's poor.
I'm a Liberal and I think illegal immigration is actually a problem.
Countries besides USA (and a small select otheres) have had a long, rich history of a certain ethnic group. I think it's okay for these countries to severely restrict immigration to preserve their respective nations.
I believe that who blames immigrants for stealing jobs or women or the like is not so educated in politics or society problems.
Gypsies and european immigrants are nothing but negative
The bigger argument against legalizing illegal immigrants is not because we don't want them in the country, but because we would be losing a lower class, lower paid work force.
A Mexican Border Fence Would Be an Ineffective Deterrent, and a Colossal Waste of Taxpayer Money and Resources
A 'points based immigration system' is a terrifyingly Orwellian concept.
I don't see it as morally wrong for a nation state to severely restrict immigration into their borders.
I don't believe illegal immigrants in America deserve citizenship more than those who go through the legal process
I believe criminal immigrants, legal or not, should serve their sentence and be deported to the country from whence they came
If you're able, European and subscribe even loosely to European values, you should be on the Ukrainian border, driving back Russians
I think allowing immigrants from poor countries to work in a developed one is not beneficial for the natives.
The refugee problem is the key to solving the Israeli-Arab conflict. Resettling the refugees in their current countries of residence should be the first step towards peace.
I generally support Obama's executive action on Immigration.
US Illegal immigrants are not citizens and therefore should not be allowed protection under the US constitution or bill of rights.
we should work towards abolishing all border controls, save those that exist for immediate public protection against violence.
Because the borders of a majority of countries in the world are based on conquest and colonialism, natural grouping of self-organized groups is restricted, and tensions around this are making the world less peaceful. Therefore, all countries need to accept that borders are fluid and changeable.
The preferential treatment of Cuban immigrants in the US is justified
I believe that non-white people have no place in Europe, and European society will be irreversibly changed with mass immigration.
It is wrong to fly the Mexican (or any other) national flag in your yard in the US
The way many universities are treating rape/sexual assault is excessive, alarmist, and bordering on irresponsible.
I believe that "illegal" is not the right word to use in immigration debate
The US / Canada border should be opened.
If the Left thinks that being against immigration is so horrible, they should criticize the Japanese
If all men are created equal, there is no reason to have immigration laws other than elitism.
redrawing county borders in Africa and the Middle East, with the goal of decreasing diversity, will only result in larger wars, more rampant repression, and larger loss of life.
Superman isn't a very effective illustration of assimilation by an immigrant at all. The Martian Manhunter J'onn J'onz is a far better example
That national borders should not be used to restrict the movement of people or goods.
I believe that the international community should just grant refugee status to anyone who wants it living in Israel/Palestine/gaza strip etc., and then shouldn't interfere further on either side of the conflict since neither side deserves the land.
Israel should have been established within the borders of Germany as an independent state following the Second World War.
I think the US should have more open borders
Sgt. Tahmooressi should stay in Mexican prison and should not be released until he has completed his due process
Western military forces should be in the middle east to improving human rights. A world police isn't bad. It's rational to be conceptually opposed to Islam and its increased immigration presence in the west because of the violent threat that Islamic ideology brings.
I believe immigrants are being treated too poorly by the average western citizen.
Countries should be able to change their borders by military force
I believe that immigration is primarily beneficial to the very wealthy and is harmful to the middle and lower classes of a nation
Nations should allow immigration from regions they colonized in living memory.
I believe that the current dialogue for immigration and ethnic equality is intentionally self-righteous and is discouraging Whites from participating in a more authentic dialogue.
I believe it's just to give more aid to an unemployed immigrant, than an employed citizen.
Immigrants are people too and debates over immigration should consider their welfare and freedom, not just those of native-born citizens-
I believe restricted immigration is akin to Jim Crow and apartheid in that it bars people on the basis of where they were born.
I believe an empire should only invest in reactive defence of its own borders, and spread its philosophy through diplomacy and propaganda.
I believe non citizens and illegal immigrants should be denied access to welfare benefits and social services.
I believe the majority (aka more than half) of illegal immigrants from Mexico and other Central American countries don't give a damn about "becoming American." They come here instead to BE IN America. By all means, CMV.
The U.S. should adopt a policy of open borders. CMV.
I believe that the United States should offer a pathway to citizenship for current undocumented immigrants.
I believe that (unconstitutional) border patrol is a legit measure against terrorist risk. US citizens are giving them too much flak. CMV.
Western countries should require new immigrants to take an oath of values endorsing such things as freedom of speech, freedom of religion, religious tolerance and legal equality of men and women. CMV.
I believe that muslim immigration is causing my country's culture to decay.
"Undocumented immigrants" is a misleading euphemism and they should be called illegal immigrants. CMV.
I think illegal immigrants should be given amnesty.
I don't believe that illegal immigrants to Australia (aka 'boat people') should be allowed to enter the country or, should they enter, receive any benefits.
I feel the UK campaign of encouraging illegal immigrants to leave isn't racist/evil. CMV.
I think it's more important for the United States to aide refugee's of Syria rather than potentially go to war. (CMV)
I believe any form of amnesty for illegal immigrants is slap in the face for those who followed the rules and the laws by immigrating legally.
I am a legal US immigrant who absolutely cannot stand the idea of giving amnesty to the millions of illegals in the US.
I believe that illegal immigrants in the US should be granted amnesty. CMV.
I believe that Washington State and Oregon's borders should be changed along the cascade divide.
I believe modern day immigration laws are a chief cause of economic inequality and should be abolished or radically changed.
I believe illegal immigration should be a misdemeanor civil offense like having an expired license or not having the proper permit. Thanks and CMV.
I believe the United States should take immediate measures to secure the Mexican border. CMV.
I believe that most music videos border on pornography and so should be age classified and restricted/censored.
I don't believe illegal immigrants should receive services from the US.
I think illegal immigrants should be deported to the countries from whence they came.
- I believe that we should allow an unlimited number of immigrants to come in from Mexico.
I believe that racism is dead in public discourse and that "new" racism is taking over especially in developing attitudes towards immigrants and immigration in the UK
The "Brain Drain" of Immigrants is Helping This Country (The United States) More Than It's Hurting It
I think telling native citizens to adapt to incoming immigrant cultures is worse than telling incoming immigrants to adapt to native cultures.
I believe the idea of borders (countries, provinces, etc.) are a remnant of older times that society should have risen above by now.
I believe that the European countries with the highest standards of living (Switzerland, Sweden) are inherently selfish because they accept lower numbers of poor immigrants from third-world countries.
I believe immigration from countries with high fertility rates to countries with lower fertility rates represents a form of genocide.
I don't believe illegal immigrants are taking away jobs.
I believe that any immigration policy other than open borders is downright immoral.
I believe the downsides of immigration from the third world and modern multiculturalism significantly outweight the positives, and thus Europe should severely limit immigration from Africa and the Middle East. CMV.