The Android smartphone market at the present time is objectively far superior to any current iteration of Apple devices.
I want to sell my iPhone in place of an android phone.
I Believe That I Should Keep Getting Android Phones Instead Of An iPhone 6S When My Contract Runs Out Soon
Jailbroken iPhone > Android phone
iPhones are better than android phones.
People who praise Android phones to deviate from the iPhone "bandwagon/circle-jerk" are in a bandwagon/circle-jerk themselves
I believe Windows Phone 8 is more user friendly than Android, please change my view.
Overall, Android is the superior phone platform, and phones and tablets running Android tend to perform better compared to Phones and Tablets with similar price points on other OS'.
I believe switching to a smart phone plan is a waste of money and the added "benefits" do not outweigh the costs of owning a smartphone.
I dont believe looking through your spouse's browser history or phone is wrong.
If I have to leave my phone sitting in the sunlight, it's better to have the screen facing up to reflect sunlight and help keep my phone cooler.
Android/Linux will beat Apple & Microsoft in the Desktop/Laptop market.
It is perfectly reasonable for poor people, even homeless people, to have smart phones and it doesn't mean that they are making poor choices about money.
It's OK for a minor to have naked pictures of him/herself on his/her phone without any legal repercussions
Any student should have the right to physically defend their property when school teachers try to confiscate cell phones.
Their is no reason to have the headphone jack on a smart phone be on the bottom.
Uber drivers who do not keep both hands on the wheel at all times, or who use their phones while the car is moving, should not get 4 or 5 stars
The criticism that people are throwing at Apple for removing the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 is unjustified.
I think the Apple’s impending removal of the iPhone’s 3.5mm connector is almost exclusively negative and is an atypical shift away from user-centric design.
Today's Apple keynote was the worst that Apple has ever had
Hardware keyboards for phones are much better than touch-screen keyboards
I think that society is in big trouble with the amount of phone usage
It is not reasonable to ban speaking on your phone at the gym if people are allowed to talk to one another while there.
I shouldn't buy an Apple Watch
Central intelligence agencies should have access to encrypted information on cell phones that may threaten the security of a nation.
I believe that Apple shouldn't be obligated by law to hand over wanted information to the FBI
Calling a restaurant or store by phone should not allow you to cut in front of the physical line up.
I want to switch to Apple from my Note 4
The proposed laws that "burner phones" must be connected to a person are reasonable
I don't think there's anything wrong with snooping through a significant others phone.
Requiring identification for burner phones is a good thing (or at least not bad)
Apple vs FBI is NOTHING more than Apple's marketing campaign
I think I would be better off without a smartphone.
I should wait to buy Apple Watch 2
I don't need to upgrade my phone.
Apple is WRONG for not unlocking the San Bernardino terrorist's phone
I think Apple should help 'unlock' the iPhone of the San Bernardino shooter
I (and many other people) would have more pros than cons from ditching our smartphone.
It's pretty foolish not to purchase a case and screen protector for your smart phone.
In a country with an ideal government, it's better for the government to be able to track down all phone calls and internet of it's citizens.
I believe we have sacrificed more than we have gained in allowing cell phones and mobile technology to penetrate our lives.
Mobile phone usage in cars (without bluetooth, i.e. holding the phone to your ear or texting) is not punished fairly when considering other things you do in your car are not punished.
For salaried employees, it's a good thing to be able to take your work home with you (e.g., receive work e-mails on your phone, have the work laptop at home, etc.)
It's better for a recruiter/HR person to deliver bad news over the phone than via email
Candidates should be able to bring notes, tablets, phones, ect. to political debate stages. Debates should also not be shown live, but delayed and showed with fact checking done my multiple organizations.
Avoiding taxes is 100% okay, Apple and other companies are only doing what we do ourselves.
Throwing an apple core on the ground in a park is not littering if I picked that apple from an apple tree in said park
Since I already use Apple Music now, there’s no reason I should get Spotify, either as a supplement or a replacement.
I think the new Apple Pencil is a good thing
Wireless Charging is undoubtably the most useless smartphone feature
Guys with sexy women as their phone's background are socially awkward.
It is logically inconsistent to allow motorists the ability to use in car stereos, but not allow handsfree MP3 players even if they are a phone.
ALL party consent rule for phone recording should be abolished in ALL STATES of US and one party consent rule should be legislated.
I don't think people should be allowed to talk on their phone at all while driving.
The pros of VR (and eventually, android) companions / lovers outweight the cons and their development is a good thing that should be encouraged.
Using your mobile phone constantly when with someone is extremely rude and is accepted too much in society.
The government being able to access my private information (phone calls, emails) or see where I'm going every day isn't so bad.
People who read/user their phone while pooping are fucking weirdos
Taylor Swift is the wrong person to be criticizing Apple, and her stance on streaming services in general is wrong.
Google should build its own podcast app to compete with Apple's "Podcasts" app.
mobile payments like Apple pay, Google wallet, Samsung pay, etc. Are pretty useless when in a great majority of instances, it takes just as much effort to just pull out a credit card.
Comparing women and men in equality discussions is like comparing apples and oranges.
Cops should be allowed to confiscate phones at ongoing crime scenes
Bank Account Numbers Should be Portable, Much Like Cell Phone Numbers Are
There is no need for higher resolution phone displays anymore!
I see no reason for most people to upgrade to the latest models of cell phones.
There's nothing wrong with texting or phoning behind the wheel as long as the car is still
The "Screen Images Simulated" on Cell Phone Commercials are False Advertising
It is completely acceptable to talk on the phone while a cashier is ringing up your items.
Amazon should buy Yahoo! so that both of them can compete with Apple, Google, and Microsoft.
I believe that cell phones should include a hole for a wrist strap.
I believe that Android is googles project to get people on their platform without them knowing that all their information is taken and recorded on servers to be used.
Power, Education (at all levels), Health care, Internet & phone service, housing and clothing should be provided by the state for free
The iPhone keyboard/texting is hands down better than Android.
- Mobile websites are a relic of the early mobile internet era and are inferior to actual websites when using your smartphone.
I think Microsoft's hybrid approach (Surface Pro 3) will win over Apple's "one device per need" (e.g. iPad+MacBook Air or Pro) approach.
The rollout of Material Design in Android 5.0 Lollipop by Google was, on a whole, a failure, and Google aren't trying to fix it.
There should be another way to reach the police than by phone
If you cause an accident due to texting, drunk driving or talking on the phone while driving, it wouldn't be totally unreasonable to shoot you
Headphone jacks positioned on the bottom of a smartphone is a better design than jacks on the top
For storing personal data in the cloud that is of low economic value to anyone other than myself, as an American, I'd rather use Chinese cloud providers rather than popular American providers such as Google, Microsoft, Apple, or Dropbox.
The iPhone 6 is the best smartphone on the market
I think people should be allowed to drive while using their cell phones.
Android is better than Apple, be it software, amount of diversity between the devices, looks, and specs between said devices.
Apple computers are for old people and the technologically illiterate. Anybody else that using Apple products have bought into marketing. (Not just a fanboy, please read)
Applesauce is far superior to regular apples
Movie theaters (and other similar places) should install technology that blocks cell phones.
High demand products (hot toys, new game consoles, cell phones, the Rift, general admission tickets, anything that is expected to sell out) should be auctioned off to bolster markets and put scalpers out of business.
People being offended or even victimized when others choose to engage in technology (mainly cells phones) is uncalled for.
Does Crime Pay for Entrepreneurial Ventures? Yes, for Apple Computers it did!
Buying a smartphone or other device with a fingerprint scanner is an unnecessary compromise of one's personal security.
Illegally obtained evidence (eg phone hacking) should still be admissible in court and not affect sentencing
I don't think the NSA spying on our phone calls, texts, or internet usage is really that big of a deal. CMV.
There is no significant difference between driving while talking on your phone vs. using a blue-tooth device. Holding my hand to my ear while talking is the same as placing it on my lap while talking. CMV!
I think that iOS is better than Android.
I believe that our criminal disciplinary system fails to recognize that criminal behaviour is the result of a system failing it's population, and not just the result of a couple bad apples. This view inherently leads to the development of discriminatory views of social and cultural groups.
I think that "Weakest link" or "One bad apple" style methods of discipline are not appropriate in the scholastic setting.
Parents shouldn't rely on Ipads and Cell phones to entertain their children.
Facebook and Phone "games" are not really games.
I believe cell phones have negatively impacted our abilities to communicate. CMV.
I don't think I should buy a smartphone.
I don't think iOS is as fun or useful as Android. CMV.
I believe that adding not so private personal details like address, phone number, email address to my public facebook profile is not harmful for a *normal* person -
I think smartphone cases are dumb and useless
I think mobile application developers should focus on Android over iOS because it has the majority market share.
are we a generation consumed by screens (tv, computer, phone, google glasses, etc)
Talking on my cell phone while ordering food or getting a coffee isn't being rude to the cashier or barista. CMV.
I think less of people who use Apple products
a well-implemented fingerprint scanner on a smartphone does more good than harm.
I want to like Apple, but the users are kind of putting me off
I don't think talking on the phone in the car is any more dangerous than driving with passengers.
I believe that we are witnessing the slow death of Apple as we have come to know it, and that the pace of decline is about to increase rapidly
I think most of you reading this are going to die from cell phone induced cancer. CMV.
I think getting a tablet when someone already has a smartphone is a waste of money...
[CMV] The quality of Apple's products has peaked, is in decline, and will never recover.
I like big screens like anyone else, however not on mobile phones, CMV (x-post from r/Android)
I can't stop hating Apple. CMV, please
I still think the iPhone UI and OS are superior to that of the Android UI on a Galaxy.
I'm willing to let the government see my emails, listen to my phone calls, etc. if it improves our nation's security,
I believe the government should NOT be allowed to view my e-mails, tap my phone calls, and view my web history for national security concerns.
I believe the government should be allowed to view my e-mails, tap my phone calls, and view my web history for national security concerns.
I think Apple stock is overpriced
Teachers and schools should not be allowed I take students' phones.
I believe drivers should be aloud to talk on the phone while they drive without a hands-free device.
I've been raised to always have my wallet, keys, and phone on me.
Faxing, Home Phones and Cable TV are a waste to use in any capacity because of the internet, people who pay money for these services happily aren't living in today's world
I find jailbroken iOS to be superior to Android. CMV.
I don't think it's all that bad that the Justice Department monitored AP phone calls, and I don't think we should expect complete privacy, in general.
I believe Apple creates superior personal, at home computers for the common user.
I think most apple products aren't worth it CMV.
I think Apple is a horrible company.