It makes no sense to allow Gun Manufacturers to be sued for crimes committed with their products.
If I can't buy a gun without a background check at a gunstore, I shouldn't be able to buy a gun without a background check at a gunstore/private purchase
People on the no fly list should be able to buy firearms.
Civilians should be able to own post-86 machine guns in the US.
Plaintiffs who settled police brutality cases without going to trial bear responsibility for future shootings.
"Common sense" gun control terminology is meaningless and not common sense.
The NFA should be stripped, and the machine gun registry should be opened.
Restricting Access to Firearms is a Violation of Individual Rights
Criminals and mentally ill individuals without a history of violence should be able to own guns
Persons who demonstrate/riot prior to the facts of a police shooting being known risk de-legitimizing the cause.
"Common sense" gun control terminology is meaningless and not in fact common sense.
Medical marijuana cardholders are lawful users of marijuana and can therefore legally purchase firearms according to the form filled out prior to sale.
I think many Americans are paranoid about the governments and guns should be banned without exception.
Police officers shouldn't carry guns (US)
More sports should be made mixed-gender, e.g. shooting
Islam (mostly conservative) + Gun Rights & Homophobia (mostly liberal) are not the main reasons why Omar Mateen decided to commit a mass murder in an LGBT club in Orlando, but his personal life has to do with it.
For self-protection we should use weapons that incapacitate (tasers, tranquilizers) instead of guns that kill.
Arguments in favor of increased gun control coming from the direction of "saving lives" are flawed
Allowing concealed weapons in classrooms is not a problem and it is up to opponents of this statement to justify the removal gun carrying rights for any particular location.
If you universally restrict access to guns, criminals will largely be the only ones with guns.
I am a black(ish) person who believes that when cops shoot people that they are usually justified and that racism is not a factor in the majority of shootings.
I'm a conservative that praises the 2nd amendment, but I believe wholeheartedly that background checks are a great idea to prevent mass shootings and slow the gun-related violence rate. Change my view.
The root cause for the majority of deadly police shootings in the USA has not much to do with racism.
I believe that the mentally ill are unfairly scapegoated for mass shooting and this is harmful to people seeking care. Change my view.
Not all cops that deal with traffic violations should carry lethal firearms in the United States
The Dallas Police Department's Use of a Robot to Kill a Gunman is not an Ethical Dilemma.
People who make social media posts about tragedies like the recent police shootings or terrorist attacks, without doing anything else for their cause, aren't adding any real contribution to the cause.
More and more gun laws are not the answer to gun violence; criminals will still get/have guns.
If American citizens wish to bear arms, they should only be able to use the guns available when the Second Amendment was drafted.
The encouragement of the "come and take it" or the "cold dead fingers" mentality among gun rights advocates will lead to more Dallas-like standoffs and eventually the very gun control those advocates seek to avoid.
The Dickey Amendment banning gun research by the CDC should be removed from future budgets
I don't think the Philando Castile shooting was all racism. I believe the cop just fucked up when it comes to doing protocol.
If citizens are armed, there will be less mass shootings and civilian deaths.
There is absolutely no logical reason why Governor Jerry Brown in California DIDN'T sign the law making theft of a firearm a felony.
Advocates for reducing gun violence should stop using the phrase "Gun Control".
Pro-gun advocates become hypocrites when they concede that felons and people with mental illness afflictions should not have guns.
If someone on the terrorism watch list loses their Constitutional right to own a firearm, they should also lose all of their other Constitutional rights.
People shouldn't be allowed to own guns.
The average person in the US should not own a gun for protection
Being banned from flying is a worse burden than being banned from buying firearms.
The Orlando shooting was an ISIS terror attack on the United States
The American populace believes that their society could not exist in its current form without firearm ownership
Though mental healthcare plays a role, increased gun control is a reasonable intervention to attempt to reduce mass shootings.
It is intellectually dishonest to believe that gun control measures are ALWAYS ineffective while simultaneously believing that the US is an example that other developed nations should follow in terms of government or culture.
The best gun control solution is a licensure system for MOST guns.
Banning people on the No Fly list from buying firearms is a horrible civil rights violation
The fact the Dickey Ammendment exists shows that the NRA knows gun control would hurt their bottom line and reduce gun related deaths.
The only way to meaningfully address the gun problem in America is to have compulsory military training (ideally 2 years is what I feel) for anyone who turns 18.
The only way for the United States government to effectively prevent mass shootings is to ban most guns completely
Calls for action in response to mass shootings are pointless
The controversy over "3D Printed Guns" is utter BS
I am more afraid of good guys with guns than I am of bad guys with guns
"It's in the constitution" is not an intellectually valid argument for not changing gun ownership laws.
The No-Fly no-buy provision currently being pushed by Pres. Obama, Sec. Clinton, and several in the Senate, to restrict guns from those on the No-Fly list would not stand up to a Constitutional challenge if enacted
I think using the events of the Orlando shooting as a reason for coming out publicly on social media is in bad taste and only serves as a cry for attention.
Gun-free zones are more to blame than lax gun laws
Liberals should not support restrictions on Gun Control until euthanasia is legal and provided for the phsyically and mentally ill.
People are going far too easy on Islam and its' decades of homophobia in the wake of the Orlando shooting.
If you believe that Omar Mateen should not have been able to purchase firearms than you believe that U.S. gun policy needs reform.
Nothing will change as a result of the shooting in Orlando
The answer to the question of gun control for preventing mass shootings is the proliferation of non-lethal weapons.
The USA should require all gun owners to get a license if they want to own a gun
No one should have guns. No guns would be more peaceful and less chaotic. Humans owning guns is bad.
The US should implement common sense gun reform. I have suggested three within the body of my post.
Best strategy for reducing/minimizing mass shootings
The real issue with the Orlando Shooting is being ignored; National Radicalization
If you justify gun ownership under the 2nd Amendment, you also have to accept stringent regulation on what you can own and who can own them.
Gun free zones and no-guns-allowed policies are ABSOLUTELY useless. [Not about gun control; about gun free zones]
all arguments for or against guns are not well thought through
It would have made much more sense if Spiderman's web shooting ability was one of his innate powers instead of being a man made product
Using the second amendment as reasoning for not controlling guns is ridicules
It makes no sense to allow Gun Manufacturers to be sued for crimes committed with their products.
I don't see anything wrong with open carry or civilian owned machine guns
The right to bear arms is the most problematic, outdated and idiotic law in the USA and causes so many problems that I cannot understand how anyone could be in support of gun ownership
Assuming that all gun owners / carriers / enthusiasts are redneck republican patriot "gun nuts" is just as bigoted and ignorant as assuming that all muslims are terrorists, or any other "All X are Y" assumptions
Why is rape not handled more like gun violence?
Bodily Autonomy, just like bearing arms is demonstrably not an absolute, unlimited and inviolable right. Strong supporters of abortion rights often look just as dumb as strong supporters of gun rights
Holding gun manufacturers liable for shootings doesn't make sense.
It is Hypocritical for pro-gun activists to bash "assault weapons ban" on the basis of it ineffectiveness while also blocking effective gun control.
Gun control is worse than pointless since most criminals don't acquire their guns through legal channels anyway
Why don't we conduct state-sanctioned capital punishment (death penalty) by the use of a gun?
If you and your Wife are in a hostage situation, and the gunman says to choose who lives.....
If you get caught using a gun in a crime, you should have to serve a mandatory minimum sentence of 20 years.
Obama's gun control action is a reasonable sounding and cheap regulation but it will do absolutely nothing to reduce gun violence.
Obama's executive gun control decision is ultimately useless.
"Gun are designed to kill" is a poor argument for gun control.
If the NRA is sincere about gun ownership as check on government overreach, then their biggest concern is not regulations on firearms, but autonomous military robots.
These statistics on home invasion absolutely dismantle the argument that we need guns for defense in the home
Instead of buying a dangerous gun for home protection, one should just invest the money into a decent home security system.
Strict government control of guns is comparable to restriction on religions.
I don't care about mass shootings...
The AA-12 is the best firearm for a theoretical zombie apocalypse for the average person.
I believe the use of crude "finger gun" gestures should absolutely NOT be stopped/censored on a college campus.
Limiting legal access to guns in the US will not work the same way it does in Europe and the UK.
I don't see the rationale behind gun magazine/clip size limit laws.
There is no reason for anyone to own handguns or other semi-automatic firearms, and we'd all be safer if they were restricted (USA).
"Common Sense Gun Laws" are appropriately titled and pro-gun arguments are often illogical
I think a fair compromise in gun control is to limit the number of bullets in a magazine to 10, and banning hollow-point rounds.
We should regulate firearms like we currently regulate driver licenses in the United States.
Requiring insurance for gun owners would keep the 2nd Amendment safe AND solve the concerns of gun control activists.
The trade-off of safety for the freedom of owning a gun is worth it.
Guns should be illegal in every state immediately to stop gun deaths.
Stricter gun laws would not have prevented the San Bernardino shooting, as California already has the strictest gun laws in the country.
It is hypocritical to fight against war on drugs while advocating for war on guns
I believe gun violence in America is a mental health problem rather than a legal problem.
The U.S. "Gun Control" debate is pointless
I believe most arguments raised against gun control/bans are "bullshit".
Banning guns in the U.S. will only lead to stronger blackmarket sales of guns while ensuring that gun legal owning citizens lack guns.
I think media coverage of mass shootings and terrorist attacks is a waste of time and misrepresentatitve
There's no reason gun ownership should be a fundamental right.
Altering guns to shoot non-penetrating projectiles (specified in the text) would provide a solution to most deaths by gun violence.
US gun rights are unecessary, and in the face of gun violence should be regulated much more heavily
Increasing gun control (e.g. banning assault rifles) will not significantly (if at all) reduce the amount or severity of mass shooting rampages.
There should be universal background checks for any and all gun purchases
The US media is the major factor for Mass-Shootings, not the guns themselves
easy access to guns in the US is a bell that can't be unrung due to the 300+ million privately owned guns floating around
Relative to Our History, People Overreact to School Shootings and Violence in General.
If we can provide an easy to use background check system for private gun sellers to use that we assume honest sellers will jump to use, then that system should be mandatory for sales.
The 2nd Amendment should not have anything to do with guns
The claim that gun rights are derived from nature rings as hollow as the claim that gun rights are granted by God.
I disagree with the philosophy of not giving any attention to gunmen
I am pro-gun, and against most forms of gun control.
There is no practical reason that guns should be black.
The principle of being allowed to own guns outweighs the rare occurrences of gun violence
I Live in France and I believe in limited gun rights, please change my view
The victims of the majority unjustified police shootings could have prevented it by simply complying, therefor I don't believe they deserve any sympathy for their behavior.
I don't think the Chattanooga shootings were terrorist attacks
“The greatest conspiracy in modern history is not Watergate or the shooting of JFK; it’s something far more ingrained and insidious in how it distorts the truth. The conspiracy is marriage.”
I think the people wanting to raise the confederate flag in response to the recent church shootings and other tragedies are hypocrites
A Person under 18 should never be able to legally shoot firearms
America should ban guns for civilians.
Bill O'Reilly and other Fox News anchors bear partial yet significant responsibility for the Charleston Church shooting.
Laws and regulations restricting the "power" of firearms are ineffective and only serve to punish lawful gun owners
Open carry of guns in the United States is foolish and it causes more trouble than good.
It makes sense for the US to allow guns, and for the UK to ban guns. It's silly to compare the two.
If a police officer clocks into his job on the street with nothing but a gun, he "intends" to kill anyone who poses a violent threat.
People walking around with guns is completely ridiculous and should require extensive training.
There is no good reason for a store to ban the concealed carry of firearms unless they have their own armed security (USA)
I don't believe the Chapel Hill Shooting media coverage has been any less than other shootings.
The NFA should be almost entirely stripped, the machine gun registry reopened, and suppressors removed from it.
I think the Paris shooting makes a good case for culture of responsible gun ownership any carrying.
I believe the desire to remove gun rights from the mentally ill (to prevent violence against others) results more from stigma than rationality.
I believe the newly appointed Surgeon General should focus on more important health issues than gun violence if he actually desires to make American's live healthier, longer lives.
It's not a good idea to own personal firearms.
Antidepressants and school shootings (or any violence) is a correlation, not a causation.
If we're going to let everyone have guns, gun safety should be a required course in grade schools
Next time there is a school shooting, the killer's name and picture should not be published by any media, and coverage of the event should be kept to a minimum.
I think that kids should be taught at a young age how to properly use firearms as well as the four rules of gun safety.
I believe that the way school shootings are dealt with cause more deaths. I taught my children to run as fast and as far as they could if something like this ever happened in their school.
Backgrounds for Gun Ownership Should be More Extensive
I believe that when a liberal says calls a gun an Ar 15, or any other gun an "assault weapon", it's the same thing as when a conservative says abortion is "murder".
Political Power Grows Out of the Barrel of a Gun
The release of the CCTV footage of Michael Brown is not character assassination, but a vital component of the incident that helps all parties understand the context of the shooting and the state of mind of the individuals involved.
We should prohibit some people from possessing or consuming alcohol like we do with firearms
The Ferguson MO police are under no obligation to release the name of the officer accused of shooting Michael Brown.
I believe that stricter gun laws would only cause more problems and that gun education needs to be promoted.
; an effective way to protect 2nd amendment rights while also limiting potentially mishaps from firearms is to require that all firearms be stored in a central armory unless a dispensation is acquired.
I believe Putin shouldn't be blamed for the unfortunate shooting down of Flight MH17.
I don't believe someone should be disallowed to own a gun due to a mental illness.
There is no ethical difference between defending yourself with lethal force and asking someone else to do it for you (American gun ownership rights).
I think firearms safetyand handling education should be taught in our public schools. Most arguments against this have been very similar to the arguments supporting abstinence only sex ed, which is just foolish.
I believe there is a better solution to the gun control debate: Pigovian Taxation.
I believe that basic firearm safety should be taught across schools in America.
I think the Elliot Rodger (recent California) shooting is a mental health issue, and that by turning it into a feminist issue you subtract from the original problem.
The legislative inaction concerning gun violence in America is a good reason to emigrate
Gun Control (or lack thereof) had nothing to do with the Isla Vista shooting.
Richard Martinez, the father of recent shooting victim is a tool.
The recent shooting in Isla Vista (or UCSB, if you will) is not about women's rights
If you outlaw guns and only outlaws will have guns. I'm fine with this.
We need to ban and destroy all guns to deter and hopefully end gun violence.
I believe that it is more humane for someone to be executed by shooting them point blank in the head rather than using the lethal injection.
I despise "rappers" that only rap about money, clubs, guns, etc.
Chekov's Gun, as a principle of storytelling, is a terrible idea
used to not care about firearms rights. But now am finding myself leaning toward anti firearms due to how eager they seems to be to use it as a first resolution
I think a gun shooting incident is as horrendous as a bomb explosion, if the number of victims is the same [NSFW]
I don't we should make more it more difficult for mentally ill people to own a gun.
I believe guns are terrible self defense tools, and the idea that we require guns for self defense is a fallacy.
I believe that if you are for gun rights, logically you must support Eric Snowden.
the Sandy Hook shooting was a staged event.
As a marksman I don't feel that more gun control or ammunition control should be considered on a policy level if it effects my enjoyment and use as a responsible gun owner.
The movie "Captain Philips" presents a strong argument for gun rights.
I strongly oppose gun control and limitations on high capacity magazines. [CMV]
I believe that guns increase violence -
Students who obtain proper permits should be allowed to carry firearms on college campuses. CMV.
I think that guns should be banned.
I believe that those with mental illnesses should not be allowed to own firearms
Current USA gun control is at its core a form of class warfare, or at the very least, unfairly targets those in poverty (and even the middle class)
I have an irrational fear of guns and don't ever want to touch one.
I believe to buy a gun one must receive a license by taken a written and field exam similar to that of obtaining a driver's license.
I believe "gun free zones" server no purpose and give people a false sense of security,
I don't think gun control is effective in any meaningful way.
In the US today, you cannot protect your rights from being infringed upon by the government with guns.
I'm scared of the possibility of 3D printed guns becoming something big. CMV.
I think that in the US, the second amendment is outdated but this doesn't mean we should ban guns.
I believe that AR style rifles are no more dangerous than any other type of gun and I believe that anyone who supports gun control geared towards "assault weapons" is uneducated on the issue
I believe that guns should be required to be registered, and in order to buy one you must pass a training course and be awarded a license to use it.
I don't think that the average person has any need to carry a gun, CMV.
i believe in zero gun control.
Population owned guns only increase civil fatalities while their use as a mean of eventually defending against an oppressing Government is highly outdated, so guns owned by people are one of the major evils in society.
Any kind of fee or administrative cost to purchase a firearm is akin to a poll tax and should be considered unconstitutional.
I believe the argument that gun control laws won't work because criminals will ignore them is illogical unless accompanied with a demand to have all criminal laws repealed. CMV.
I think that if the majority of people were armed (with a gun) all the time then we would eventually have a much safer society.
I think that people who believe guns in the US should be restricted/heavily regulated are narrow minded
I don't think States should be allowed to pass gun laws that are more restrictive than Federal Gun Laws
I believe civilians openly carrying a gun for the reason of 'crime deterrent' does nothing of the sort, and only creates fear and compromises the public's sense of safety. CMV.
I believe I should be able to own a firearm and use it on my property whenever I want. CMV.
I believe that increasing gun control laws in the US would be an ineffective way to curb mass shootings, because there are already so many guns distributed amongst the population.
I think that the only people who should be allowed to own firearms are Military and Law Enforcement personnel. Any civilian that expresses a strong desire to own a firearm should be psychologically evaluated and institutionalized, if necessary, in order to keep others safe from their paranoia.
I don't think blind people should legally be able to own guns
I believe the majority of firearm legislation is wholly ineffective at preventing any kind of violent crime in th US, and that the only effective gun control measures would by definition violate the second and fourth amendment. CMV.
I believe my choice of owning a gun for home defense is nobody's business.
I think gun control is necessary.
I believe that arguments for gun control legislation are largely reflexive, in response to isolated atrocities, and are not addressing the actual issues that cause them, nor do they address the historically dangerous precedents of an unarmed populous. CMV.
I believe that firearm ownership should be heavily regulated
I believe that effective gun control may be possible, but that we're going about it the wrong way. Please
I believe that any argument for abortion that does not deny the humanity of the fetus is also, necessarily, a good argument against gun control CMV.
In relation to gun control, I believe since American has no realistic chance to get rid of all guns, the only way to increase public safety is to increase the amount of guns.
I believe a license should be necessary to own a gun.
I believe that second amendment with regards to the gun control is outdated and needs review and discussion and doesn't hold any relevance in this age.
Something's fishy about the JFK shooting.
I believe anyone who generally opposes background checks for gun purchases is a moron.
I believe biometric locks should be required for all newly manufactured guns. CMV.
I think that if a person's gun is used to commit a crime, that person should be treated as an accomplice unless they report the gun stolen within 24 hours of the theft taking place. CMY
I don't believe having stricter gun control policies will reduce the amount of violent crimes with firearms. CMV.
I believe that there is no good argument for being against gun control laws, and that the best solution is more total than anything we have implemented thus far. -
I believe that mental health is a much more important issue than gun control,
I (a Canadian gun owner) believe that the US Second Amendment is poorly written, poorly thought-out, and probably doesn't accomplish its original intention in any appreciable way (and that intention isn't clear at all either).
I believe that it is ridiculous to ban certain types of guns and not others. CMV.
I think every single aspect of gun control currently being presented is stupid and useless.
I believe that gun ownership in the USA should require licensing/testing, and guns should be registered, as is done with cars.
I think JFK was shot by a lone gunman (Oswald).
I believe industry driven gun control is the best approach
I believe that the amount of firearms in the US is too high, and that it contributes to gun violence.
I do not understand why I treat every gun as if it was always loaded for the purpose of safety.
y desire for strong gun control and open access to 3D printers are in conflict
[CMV] I think tragedies such as the Boston Marathon bombings and even school shootings are nothing compared to the death tolls of other things and should not be given so much attention.
I Believe that the Most Gun Control that is Needed is Background Checks.
I believe that police shooting someone in self defence is the same as the courts applying the death penalty.
I believe that any Gun Control legislation by the United States Government is infringing on my inalienable right to bear arms, CMV.
I believe that the gun laws today are perfectly fine
I believe in gun control and/or a national database with info about the buyers
I believe all gun owners should be equally responsible for any crimes committed with that gun, whether or not they actually committed the crime.
I believe that personal gun ownership allows for self-reliance, and gun prohibition is antithetical to this foundation for American success.
I think it should be illegal to spread 3D printer plans for guns.
I believe there is no moral difference between shooting a newborn in the face with a gun, and abortion.
I believe semi-automatic rifles are necessary firearms, and legal, to possess.
I do not believe gun control can be rationally justified CMV.
I think shooting a trespasser/home invader for that action alone should be a crime
I think delusional fantasies about overthrowing the government have no place in any discussion of gun control.
As someone who voted for Obama, I'm glad the gun control bill didn't pass. I fill like the gun control push was a waste of time and he should have chosen more pressing issue/agenda (fiscal and economic) to pursue.
I feel any gun laws will not stop any violence and that trying to prohibit anything is a waste of time.
I don't believe in guns.
I believe that stricter gun control laws focused on who can acquire weapons and what types is only ever beneficial to the safety of individual citizens.
I genuinely believe the Connecticut school shooting was fake/fabricated. CMV.
I believe felons should be able to legally purchase firearms.
It seems like Sen Dianne Feinstein and other Anti gun leaders have motives other than public safety.
I don't think that the second amendment protects individual rights to own firearms.
I don't believe that private gun ownership should be legal.
I don't think guns should be an absolute right in the US. CMV.
I believe that owning a gun doesn't make you any safer and it won't help you overthrow the government.
This article is about a hedge fund manager who profited from gun company stocks after the sandy hook shooting. I don't think what he did was immoral.
I believe that personal firearms can do nothing to "prevent tyranny" in the modern age.
The argument that everyone should have a gun for defense reasons makes absolutely no sense to me -
I think that all guns should be banned.
I dont believe new gun laws will change anything CMW
Here's what I would change about American gun regulations.
