Donald Trump saying that pregnancy is an inconvenience to businesses is not only fine, but true.
I don't think Pro-Lifers believe fetuses are babies.
The father should not have to give consent in order for a woman to have an abortion.
I'm fearful of harming my baby by vaccinating
It's extreme hyprocisy to be a vegan and have an "on demand" lifestyle-dictated abortion
People shouldn't pierce their babies' ears.
The pro-ife position is incompatible with not punishing women who get abortions
Men should have the right to decide whether or not to support a child financially, if women have the right to abort, in certain situations.
Both State and Federal Governments should have the capability to determine the legality of abortion, and once that capability is determined should rule abortion illegal.
The government should pay for the abortions of fetuses with cognitive disabilities.
Altering DNA, So called "Designer babies", is a steppingstone into the right direction when it comes to human evolution.
Abortion and forms of contraception that end pregnancy after fertilization are morally wrong and should be banned in almost all circumstances.
People should only be elegible to abortion during certain conditions
If possible, twenties are the right time to have your first baby, thirties are too late
I feel that so long a woman is able to get an abortion without the consent of the father, a father should be able to absolve himself of any obligations to an unborn child.
The optimal post-defecation wipe strategy is traditional toilet paper followed by a single baby wipe (or equivalent)
The defenses of abortion and slavery are the same thing, and both are wrong.
men should have some level of control over abortions.
My future children, and all future children, must be genetically edited pre-birth in order to remove all defects and enhance all necessary abilities. (I.E. the "Designer Baby" movement.)
When artificial wombs are viable, abortion should be outlawed and replaced with moving the fetus to the artificial womb.
Forget about "financial abortion". True post-conception gender equality could be achieved via lottery-based forced adoption of unwanted children.
I think abortion of a healthy fetus in a Western society where reliable adoption is available is wrong, mainly because all life deserves a chance.
If I believe that abortion, even in the first trimester is the same as killing another human being without their consent, it is still perfectly fine for me to be pro abortion.
If you are vegan because you object to animals dying and parts of animals being consumed, but you would be open to having an abortion, you are a hypocrite
If someone truly believes that abortion is murder, then that person is justified in non-violently protesting legal abortions.
People who are vocal against abortion and are unwilling to adopt are hypocritical
I believe abortion should be legal for any reason
If you haven't experienced pregnancy, you are missing important perspective on the abortion debate
with regards to the recent religious freedom laws passed in Mississippi and North Carolina, how can someone maintain a pro-choice stance regarding abortion and still call those laws Anti-LGBT? (More details on my thinking in the post)
It is inconsistent to be pro-choice and also support separate murder charges for unborn fetuses.
New York allowing pregnant women at bars to be served alcohol is a perfectly reasonable decision
New abortion laws are thinly veiled attempts to create a de facto ban on abortion
I "might" have a solution to abortion.
I lean a little more pro-choice, but I think the abortion issue is actually more complicated than people on both sides make it out to be.
I Don't Think There's Any Common Ground/Objective Level For Debates on Abortion
There is no acceptable stance on abortion besides being completely against it except to save the life of the mother, or being completely supportive of it without any restrictions.
What Donald Trump said about abortion made perfect logical sense
Donald Trump's recent statement about abortion is really unimportant, and is in fact perfectly rational for a pro-life candidate
If a man wants a woman he impregnated to get an abortion he shouldn't have to pay child support.
I think "pro-abortion" and "anti-abortion" are more descriptive, less manipulative labels than "pro-choice" and "pro-life" for describing th different sides in the abortion debate.
I believe that mentally retarded or otherwise defective children should be aborted in utero, and that demented seniors should be euthanized.
I think abortion is morally wrong in most cases
Mothers who cause intentional irreversible harm to their unborn babies ought to be punished
The excuse "It's not REALLY human" doesn't work when defending abortion
Defining the start of human life at birth is arbitrary, and there is no ethical justification for late-term abortion even in the case of the life of the mother
Bodily Autonomy, just like bearing arms is demonstrably not an absolute, unlimited and inviolable right. Strong supporters of abortion rights often look just as dumb as strong supporters of gun rights
Men should have the option of a legal abortion available
There shouldn't be "buffer zones" around abortion clinics, and anyone should feel free to stand outside of the clinic and shout about their opinion on abortion.
I believe that abortions should be allowed if pre-screening shows that the child will have a mental illness.
The violinist argument for abortion rights is flawed
I believe there is nothing morally wrong with abortion.
I believe men should have equal voting rights/decision weight in abortion scenarios
Regardless of whether abortion is wrong, rape and incest do not affect the moral permissibility of abortion.
The father should have equal rights when choosing to abort a pregnancy
I'm not really afraid to get pregnant because I know I can just get an abortion.
Abortion should only be practiced before the baby has any brain waves
I believe it's cruel to have a baby knowing it'll be disabled
There's a fairly good chance that our society 1-2 centuries from now will see elective human abortion more or less in the way we see slavery.
I don't think there should be buffer-zones around abortion clinics.
Fathers of unplanned and unwanted pregnancies should be able to opt out of parental rights, including financial support, to the child.
Employers should be able to reject a woman's job application because she is pregnant
Men should have the right to absolve themselves of unwanted pregnancies.
Pro-life about the morality of abortion are a red herring, designed to distract from the actual motivations of people who oppose abortion
There is little to no benefit for a guy to have a baby face
I believe that abortion is unnecessary and wrong
The most controversial topics such Abortion, Gay Rights, Religion and Government are the ones most safely dismissed as lacking sound reasoning and most easily ignored on an individual personal basis.
Teenagers shouldn't be parents, but instead should place their babies for adoption
I am pro choice when it comes to abortion. Why shouldn't I be?
Hypothetical on my view of sex, abortion, and women's choice
Requiring people to see emotional images of the consequences of their actions is good. This includes abortion.
If fetuses could develop outside of the mother's womb, abortion should be illegal.
Planned Parenthood should spin off it's abortion business and then re-brand it's health services business lines
: The VAST majority of abortions are done out of convenience or to conceal their pregnancy.
Claiming that abortions should be illegal based on the fetus being a person is the moral equivalent of forcing a living person to go through a liver transplant to save another person.
I won't support financial abortion unless we also set up a social safety net to make up for it
I don't think it's ever okay to ask a woman (who is a stranger) if she's pregnant.
Parents who bring a baby onto a plane are committing a mild form of child abuse
It's Moral for Parents to Abort or Euthanize Hopelessly Defective Infants Before They Can Fully Understand Their Living Nightmare
If you are "Pro-Life," how can you be against abortion except in the cases of rape and incest? Do the circumstances of a child created under these circumstances mitigate their right to exist?
It is very difficult to oppose financial abortion while remaining logically consistent. Most people who oppose financial abortion hold other positions that are logically inconsistent with said opposition.
I believe a society where you had to choose to become pregnant, through some form of free program, would be better than a society where random, unplanned pregnancies occur.
I believe that abortion is morally wrong.
Do I have a logical inconsistency in my views on vaccination and abortion?
I should get some Jelly Babies when I'm in Sainsbury's later [TT]
The concept of heaven and hell and innocent children justifies abortion
Christians cannot logically be against abortion.
Lying to people about medical facts is not a good strategy in the fight against abortion
cmv abortion is wrong because the moment a fetus "becomes" a "person" isn't ascertainable and prevention of his/er/its later life is akin to murder.
A dead beat dad is a guy that leaves after he agreed to raise a child, not a guy that refuses to be part of a kids life once the woman reveals she's pregnant.
It IS hard being a baby.
The argument abortion should be legal, because a woman has the right over her own body is negated by the reasons women really get abortions.
I feel that fighting for better contraception availability and sex ed in the US is more important than fighting for abortion.
A man should have a equal and fair say in whether a woman keeps a pregnancy or have an abortion in an accidental pregnancy.
If you're a parent and you take your small child (or baby) into a movie that isn't specifically for small children, not only are you an asshole, but there are dimensions to how much of an asshole you are.
The US Dept. of Health and Human Services should release official guidelines on pregnancy, including its definition, and what can and cannot cause it.
: My hypothetical friend did nothing wrong. (financial abortion debate).
I believe stopping a fetus before it becomes a baby, is no morally different from never creating it in the first place.
The show Teen Mom glamorized teen pregnancy, albeit unintentionally. And now they're glamorizing it further.
Parents should explain sex and sexuality to children as young as possible, to prevent child molestation and early pregnancy.
Kids under 18 who have babies should be required to designate a legal guardian for the baby
Men should either be able to waive their financial obligations to their child, or they should have abortion rights.
Japan ought to ban abortion
A 'financial abortion' law for men is feasible
I believe US politics will shift largely to the left in upcoming decades, mainly due to baby boomers.
CMV: I think the prolife movement should stop trying to pull heart strings and focus on the fact that the vast majority of abortions are done merely out of convenience
The song "baby it's cold outside" is about rape
The concept of "viability" of a fetus does not make sense as a cutoff point for abortion.
Michigan's new abortion insurance opt-out act is less of a "rape insurance" act and more of a "murder license" act.
Drinking while pregnant should be illegal
"No on 1" against Tennessee's amendment 1 is fear based, which hurts progress for abortion advocates.
The issue of abortion can't be solved until there is a consensus on when life begins.
I think it should be illegal for people to sell predetermined pregnancy tests.
Men should not be allowed to vote on anything regarding abortion.
Having a baby means the end of all the things you enjoy.
In a survival situation, particularly an apocalyptic or post apocalyptic situation in which resources are scarce, abortion and infanticide should be mandated
I'm pro-life, I believe abortion should only be considered if the pregnancy or birth of the child would put the mother's life in danger.
I shouldn't stop my baby from eating dog food.
I believe that when a liberal says calls a gun an Ar 15, or any other gun an "assault weapon", it's the same thing as when a conservative says abortion is "murder".
I believe that abortion is murder, but exceptions can be made. Also that needless abortions should be punished.
Men should be able to choose deny legal and financial responsibility for an unborn child within the same period a woman can have an abortion.
Adult men should not have to pay child support when the pregnancy was before they turned 18 and the woman was a legal adult.
Neglecting An Infant Completely is Not Morally Distinct From an Abortion.
Abortion is justifiable, but most abortions are immoral
To conservatives, abortion is not a women's issue.
Aborting a fetus that has a severe disability shouldn't be looked down apon
I believe being a gold digger or sugar baby is okay
As a middle-class man living in North America, I'm not entitled to an opinion about feminism, Israel-Palestine, abortion, or anything I cannot directly experience or relate to.
I think it's wrong to get an abortion if the person getting it did nothing to prevent it and them and their baby could live a healthy, regular life
Killing an adult is worse than killing a child or baby
If and when it's feasible, hospitals should regularly do paternity tests for newborn babies.
If women can abort when they don't want a kid, men shouldn't have to pay child support if they don't want the kid
It is contradictory to BOTH disallow employers exemption from contraception & abortion coverage AND disallow the teaching of "creationism" in public schools.
I believe each partner should have veto power on whether or not the fetus should be aborted in case of pregnancy, as long as their intentions not to have a child were clear before the event.
If you believe killing of a fetus is murder, you can’t believe that abortion isn’t murder.
An early term abortion is as morally inconsequential as cleaning a toilet bowl with bleach.
If a woman becomes pregnant, and her partner does not want to keep the child, he should be able to deny any involvement, including child support, on the grounds that he makes his decision during the pregnancy.
Having grown up with a defect of my own, I don't want to pass any on to my kids. Therefore, I would like to join the "Designer Baby" movement. You'll probably fail, but TTCMV.
I think being pro-life, yet allowing an abortion exception in the case of rape, is a hypocritical position to hold.
I think it's silly to single out and blame Baby Boomers as a generation for all of society's ills.
i see nothing wrong with "designer Babies".
I think we've thrown the baby out with the bath water when we've thrown out traditional gender roles in accordance with woman's rights movements.
I believe a fetus has rights worth protecting.
It is not hypocritical to oppose abortion but support the death penalty.
Circumcision on male babies is pointless and cruel, if not done for medical purposes.
I believe the abortion issue is very easy to solve with the right definitions.
I feel that abortion is no worse than delaying someone in traffic or accidentally stopping a friend mid-sex. CMV.
I think abortion is an acceptable choice, and I think it's ridiculous that it's looked down upon.
If women have the right to abortion under the banner of "the right to bodily autonomy" I should be allowed to sell my organs.
I think killing a newborn baby and aborting a fertilized egg on the womb is the same
I believe that abortion as a result of consensual sex (without contraception) is wrong.
Those opposed to unnecessary abortion are more interested in human rights than those for it.
I believe that there is no difference between women who sell their bodies for sex (prostitutes) and women who sell their bodies for procreation (egg/sperm donors or pregnancy surrogates)
Women who drink/smoke/use drugs during pregnancy and carry the child to term should be put in prison.
I believe early abortion is acceptable as a late emergency contraceptive.
Establishments that serve alcohol should be able to refuse service to pregnant women.
I think piercing a baby's ears is cruel and unnecessary.
The decline in violent crime in the early-mid '90s is mainly the result of Abortion becoming legal 20 years earlier
If I need to turn off my cellphone, you need to turn off your baby.
I feel that people who believe in aborting or euthanizing babies that would/were born with mental illness are inherently terrible people.
I think a man should have exactly the same say in the decision to have an abortion as a woman. CMV Reddit
Please change my controversial view about animal rights, abortions, killing the mentally handicapped and almost all morality.
I equate abortion with infanticide.
I believe "Designer Babies" should be outlawed,
There is no compromise with getting an abortion if the woman doesn't want to go through pregnancy
I think it's ridiculous that a woman is allowed to abort a baby without informing the father.
I believe a fetus is at the very least a living but potential human, and at most a complete human deserving all the rights the rest of us deserve. CMV.
Every time I hear someone got pregnant, even intentionally, I view it as a failure and subconsciously pity them. I don't think thinking this way is healthy. Please CMV.
Killing your own newborn baby (infanticide), while a crime, is distinct from murder and should carry a lesser sentence.
I'm pro-choice, but I think late stage abortions that aren't medically necessary are infanticide.
I don't think it makes sense to tell someone who is pro-life that they should be ok with abortion when the child is conceived via rape.
I believe that blaming the baby boomer generation for every ill experienced in the United States is lazy, ill formed, emotional thinking that ignores the realities of 20th and 21st century events and power structures. CMV.
I think "Is it a person?" is the only valid question in the abortion debate. CMV.
I think the legality of abortion and the existence of Legal Parental Surrender should be tied to each other, because they are essentially the same thing under the law.
I think that people who are personally against abortion, but are pro-choice, hold an incoherent view. CMV.
I am pro-abortion and believe that abortion is better than foster care or adoption
I believe abortion is immoral and should only be allowed in cases of rape or danger to the mother. CMV.
I think genetically engineering babies for desirable characteristics is awesome
I believe it is unjustifiable to support abortion but not the death penalty.
I think that far too much compensation and leeway is given in the workplace to both pregnant women and those women who have young children. CMV.
I believe "baby boomers" had it incredibly easy and we (20-30 year olds) are now suffering as a result of their mistakes/advantage taking.
I believe that it is fully possible for me to support womens' right to choose abortion, while at the same time prefering to only have romantic relationships with women who would NOT make that choice. -CMV?
I believe that a minor should have parental consent or at least parental knowledge before having an abortion.
I think that fetus that are seriously retarded should be aborted.
I was not vaccinated as a baby, and I'm considering not vaccinating my future children.
I believe abortion should be legalised worldwide.
I believe abortion should only be allowed in cases of threat to a woman's life (including suicide), or if the foetus has a fatal foetal abnormality. CMV.
I don't think men should be forced to pay child support for a baby they didn't intend to create.
I think that the only rational and logical stance on the abortion issue is pro-life. CMV.
I believe abortion cannot be morally justified. CMV.
Adoption is almost always better than abortion if the sex was enthusiastically consensual and no permanent harm is posed towards the mother. CMV.
I am conflicted about abortion and have no idea what to conclude. CMV.
I Believe That High Schoolers (Mainly 16 and Up) Are Babied Far Too Much.
I believe we should come up with an "abortion device" so ONLY the pregnant woman can terminate the pregnancy herself. CMV.
en and women aren't similarly situated during pregnancy and therefore a man cannot "financially abort" a fetus. CMV.
I believe that debate over abortion eventually comes down to whether a fetus is a person or not, cmv.
I believe that abortion is only morally permissible if the mother's life is in immediate danger. I believe that it should be criminal in any other circumstance.
As a woman, I have less respect for women who do not return to work after having a baby than I do for those who do. CMV.
Those who cite that the state should not have a say regarding what a woman does with her own body, as it pertains to abortion, are hypocritical
I support abortion rights, but the "woman's right to her own body" argument I usually hear is the wrong argument to make.
I think the Baby Boomers are the worst generation ever. CMV.
A stereotypical "teenage girl" baby sitter makes a disservice to our society and promotes racism.
SEX! Now that pregnancy is voluntarily avoidable, I feel sex should be totally alright between absolutely any two consenting people.
I am a vegetarian that believes that there is nothing morally wrong with abortion. I've been called a hypocrite because of this - so
I don't believe that abortion should be allowed 100% of the time. CMV!
I believe giving men the ability to sign away all financial responsibility after getting a girl pregnant is ridiculous. CMV.
I think abortion is wrong.
I believe that Conservative positions on abortion are inconsistent with their positions on everything else.
If I found out my unborn child was going to have non-trivial birth defects, I would want it aborted.
Smoking and/or drinking alcohol while pregnant should be illegal.
i think most abortions are wrong
I feel that abortion is the best option for some girls who get pregnant in high school.
If I have mentally challenged children, I will abort or give them up for adoption. CMV.
That pet is not your baby, not a member of your family- you bought it from a store.
I believe that men should be able to either have a say on abortion or not be held liable for child support. CMV.
I think that mostly, religion is pointless and abortion should be legal.
I think that "bodily autonomy", by itself, is a horrible reason to justify abortion. CMV.
I think a man should be able to "legally abort" a fetus he does not wish to have but the mother does within the same period the mother has to actually abort the featus.
I Believe Late-Term (Post-week 20) Abortion should be Illegal, with one very specific, single exception.
I believe raped men should ahve the legal power to abort the fetus. CMV?
It is logically inconsistent to ban abortion but allow for a "rape exception" CMV.
I think fathers of unwanted children shouldn't have to pay child support, and should have the right to have the child aborted
I think the man's opinion should be important before a woman can have an abortion. -
I'm pro-choice, but I think 20 weeks is not an unreasonable limit on abortions. CMV.
I believe that the issue of abortion is in no way a women's rights issue, CMV.
I'm anti-abortion because there are no physiologically differences between a one-second old baby, and a fetus one second before being born. Why does the former have human rights, and not the latter? CMV.
I believe more abortions will help reduce crime,
I think that abortion is morally wrong when the sex that created it was consensual. CMV.
I believe that any argument for abortion that does not deny the humanity of the fetus is also, necessarily, a good argument against gun control CMV.
I believe that a woman who has gone through an abortion(s) cannot justifiably be anti-choice. CMV!
I think the abortion debate focuses too much on women's rights, and not enough on fetal rights
The Reddit pro-choice crowd is completely disrespectful and rude, and this stifles any meaningful debate on the fundamentals of abortion legality. CMV.
It is highly immoral to have an abortion without doing extensive research on the subject.
From a secular standpoint, I believe one must either support both abortion and the death penalty or be opposed to both. CMV.
I believe that a mother should be allowed to abort a child if prenatal screening tests show a high probability of the child being homosexual.
I'm a liberal who isn't comfortable with abortion or the pro-choice agenda. CMV.
I believe that bodily autonomy is insufficient to justify abortion by itself. CMV.
I'm morally opposed to abortion but don't think it should be made illegal. CMV.
I believe it is understandable and even logical that pro-lifers oppose abortion in cases of rape.
I believe abortion at 24 weeks is murder and the limit should be decreased to 6-8 weeks or even less, try and
I don't think stopping abortions after 20 months is bad.
The fight against abortions can't be a war on women or an attempt to control women because MORE men support women's rights to abortions than women.
I believe abortion is not pro-choice in the sense that the baby itself is not the woman's body. CMV!
I'm against Abortion except when the mother or child will die because of birth
I believe that Human life starts at conception and therefore shouldn't be aborted at any point
Pro-lifers should change their name to Pro-birthers. They shouldn't be called pro-lifers until they try just as aggressively to ensure the quality of the life they are "saving" from abortion.
I think it's hypocritical that if a pregnant woman is killed, it's a double homicide, but abortion is perfectly legal. CMV.
Instead of paying for welfare, the government should fund abortions fund birth control. CMV.
I think maternity leave should be unpaid, and that if she isn't able to do her job fully due to the pregnancy, the employer should have the ability to fire her.
In the event of an unplanned pregnancy, I believe that if the father wants an abortion but the mother does not, the father should be exempt from paying child support.
I think abortion is wrong and should be banned. Change my view.
I don't think that the father should be forced to pay child support if the mother is the only one that wants to keep the child in case of an accidental pregnancy.
I think people´s offspring should be limited and people should apply for a licence before allowed pregnancy.
If my SO was having my baby, I would need to make sure that it's mine.
I Believe saving highly-premature babies is a waste of money
- I have a lot of left-wing beliefs but I still think abortion is wrong.
I do not agree with paid maternity leave, and think negatively of the way pregnancy is handled in the workplace.
I'm pro-life, and I believe that abortion is essentially murder.
I don't think abortion is wrong in the first 4-5 months.
Genetically Modified Babies are a New Frontier, Should be Advanced, and Even Mandated
I believe that abortion or intentional premature birth should be allowed at any stage of pregnancy
I see no issue with aborting babies who will be born with a crippling disease, no matter what stage it is in. CMV.
I believe that abortion should be allowed in certain circumstances. CMV.
I believe that, in general, most abortions should be illegal because of how far along in potentiality the would-be human is. CMV.
I believe that abortion is entirely wrong because the mother chose to have sex, and she has the ability to put the child up for adoption after pregnancy. CMV (please don't bring up rape, different topic entirely)
I believe that in a situation where a man and a woman do not agree whether to have or to abort a child , the Man's request should be given as much weight as the woman's.
I believe that abortion is always wrong because life begins at conception.
If you believe that abortion there should be legal, then you shouldn't ethically be against limitations on it.
Regardless of my views on abortion, I feel murdering a baby after it is born/outside of a mother's womb is murder/infanticide. CMV.
I think we should encourage sex-selective abortions. CMV.
I think rape exceptions for abortion are hypocritical and impractical.
I cannot get the idea out of my head that abortion is murder.
I believe that abortion should be illegal due to the possibility of fetuses being human beings
I think that sex-selective abortion is always wrong.
I think that having unprotected sex, unless someone is specifically trying to get pregnant or birth control is being used with partners that have been confirmed to be disease free, is horrible idea and never worth the risk.
I believe people should not be allowed to bring babies in a movie theater except if it's a special "everybody can bring their babies" showing/theater.
I believe that women should be able to get an abortion legally should they choose to. CMV.
I believe women should have full rights to terminate a pregnancy if the fetus is found to have a genetic disorder.
I believe that if abortion is completely legal, then infanticide should be legal also. CMV.
I believe that a woman should have the right to terminate a pregnancy within the first two trimesters. CMV.
I believe that abortion, while it should not be illegal, should be done at nowhere near the rate it is done today.
I think genetic engineering and 'designer babies' are a good thing,
